


O.K.(Feat.Tyler, The Creator)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Mac Miller]
Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Get 'em! (I got it!)
Girl, shake that body
Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Get 'em! (Oh shit, oh shit)
Girl, shake that body (Oh shit, oh shit)

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
Whoa, what do we have here? (Whoa)
People want to know how we could be that weird
How many hoes want to clean Mac's beard? (My beard)
I kill flows, think I need that tear on a tattoo
My bitch suck, she a vacuum (Let's go)
Fuck her in the ass every time I'm in a bad mood (Huh?)
Ain't got a choice, no, she do it cause she have to
I hit it raw while I'm listening to Papoose (Woo!)
No respect, 'cause you wear a v-neck (Go)
I mean stress, pressure that could even make Keith sweat (Woo!)
I wish Narnia was on a GPS (I wish)
I wish Rihanna was DTF (Man)
I got rich with these rap songs (Songs)
Bought a drug problem, now the cash gone (It's all gone)
Album filled with all sad songs
But this the one that I can laugh on (Ha ha)

[Chorus: Tyler, the Creator]
Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Get 'em!
Girl, shake that body
Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Get 'em!
Girl, shake that body

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, shake that body, them ass and totties
I want to see them cankles at my hotel lobby (No nigga, fuck you)
Bitch, why you so damn snobby?
Your ass flatter than the back of my head
I bought you dinner, now it's time to pay me back with some head
Or I'ma have my little sister beat the back of your head
I'm a grade-A douchebag, I'm a dickhead
Asshole area where my gooch sag
Little momma got salty at me, she started talking tough
So I called the Wolf Gang up, they start to bark it up
Popped a hundred mollies, fifth of sherm, think I was sparking up
A bottle of Zima, the Bimmer, I started parking up
Seen my nigga, Mac, and he hopped in the back
And then we jet to Fatburger, ordered some Big Macs (Motherfucker)
And bitch came with a gauge, and she wanted my fade (Fuck you)
But I'm a bitch-ass nigga so I say

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Get 'em!
Girl, shake that body
Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac
Get 'em!
Girl, shake that body

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
T-Dollaz and Mac Meezy
Making sure you niggas don't win like referees
Looking for the bitches that love to suck peewee, Herman, I'm a vermin
And you could tell I golf with my hat, bitch, fuck Thurnis

[Verse 4: Mac Miller]
Um, I'm at IHOP to eat with Tyler (Yum)
Drink cocoa then double-team Mariah (Let's do that)
But please, don't tell Nick
We were all watching movies at a Motel 6 (Okay)
Like ha-ha, ha-ha, ha-ha-ha
I hope Kendrick fucked Gaga (For real)
If Madonna on the Kabbalah
Then me and Snoop could chill and be Rastas
I don't need Prada to show you I'm rich
Pulling out the llama like, "Show me your tits"
Keep crying 'cause I still ain't over my bitch

[Outro: Mac Miller]
Oh well, it'll be okay


Gees(Feat.ScHoolboy Q)

[Verse 1: Mac Miller & Delusional Thomas]
Uh, ign'ant-ass white kid (White kid)
But I'm still bicycling and recycling ('Cyling)
And I'm still eating gummy bear vitamins
All my bitches taking Vicodin, huffing nitrogen (Go)
Hyper than Williams' middle son
Since I was a little one, moms had to put me on the Ritalin
Made a swisher run, crack the 40 then I lit a blunt
Told Chuck I had a couple raps, so we kicked the drums
All the best rappers are usually dead
But I'm the poison that left a widow Juliet
In the studio with candles lit and Buddha heads
Coming up with all the coldest shit, take your Sudafed
Contagious, speaking while sedated
God shit, make 'em want to add a couple pages to the Bible
I ain't got nothing left in my will
'Cept, "Throw it all in the casket, it's mine still"
Uh, I need some backpack cast raps
Took a break just to kill the game half-assed
Set some rat traps, went and took a cat nap
Woke up, threw the dead bodies in the trash bags
Act polite, but I'm nasty on the mic
Your bitch don't want my dick, then she has to be a dyke
Slap her but she like it, tell me, "Master, feed me pipe"
I'm the scotch on the rocks, you the Appletini type

[Chorus: Mac Miller]
Bitch, suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees...
Bitch, suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees, woah...

[Verse 2: Mac Miller & Delusional Thomas]
Ugh, still fucking with these hoes, though (Hoes, though)
Bozo on these doppelgänger Jojos (Jojos)
Take a bitch to Soho for some Froyo
Tell her she gon' blow it: Romo
And now I'm out in Cali like Tone-Lōc (Tone-Lōc)
Young boy, but I'm chilling with some grown folk (Grown folk)
No joke, Most Dope, you just bowl smoke
How much coke you gotta sell to make a boat float?
Hit 'em, hit 'em 'til they tell me, "No more" (No more)
I'm a highly difficult ropes course
Pulling up to Rome on a chrome gold horse
Say "Wassup?" to the Pope, pull off in a Porsche
Who you kidding? Your flow's warshed
I ain't in the street but I'll grill you from the porch (Bitch)
I been had hoes, I played sports (For real)
Her ass out the bottom of her shorts (Whoa)

[Hook: Mac Miller]
Suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees...
Bitch, suck my dick before I slap you with it
Gees...

[Verse 3: ScHoolboy Q]
Uh (Black James Bond and a white Shaft) (Yeah)
Turned my daughter to a queen, turned a dollar to a dream
Flashy as high beams, smoking on good weed
Something from kush seeds, the only strand to smoke for us OGs
I'm rich car service, no car keys (Yeah!)
First class flight, 'bout to land to a new bitch (Yeah, yeah)
She fuck me and swallowed every homie I came wit' (Aww, aww)
MCM bag and nigga, bet some weed in it
200 dollars worth of Backwoods, we all living (Yeah, yeah)
Brought the gangsters back to bucket hat, how real is that? (Ou)
I'm getting money, rub my tummy, that's my baller sack (Ugh)
Quarter million in a safe in case I get a case
Faggot-ass judge hatin' on me 'cause my money straight (Yeah)
Dropped 10 racks in all 50 states (Bitch)
Gon' name my next tour Million-Man March (Aww, yeah)
Make a nun throw it back while I pull her scarf (Yeah)
She gave me head, my nuts touched her cross, boss

[Hook: Mac Miller & ScHoolboy Q]
Figg Side!
Suck my dick before I slap you with it (Ou-ou! Yeah!)


Suplexes Inside of Complexes and Duplexes(Feat.Jay Electronica)

[Intro: Mac Miller]
This is madness (madness)
This is an outrage! (an outrage)
As a matter of fact, this is outrageous! (outrageous)
Hahahah, yeah

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
Young sire, slap the fuck out Jon Cryer
Rough rider, raw bust inside a vagina
Like I want kids, my head continues to be haunted
I burn a city down while I'm unconscious
Maybe gon' take some quaaludes, conversate with Jesús
Batting practice with the mothafuckin' ghost of Babe Ruth
Do as a saint do, turn painful to graceful
Devil on my trails, I'm trying to find the Holy Grail
(Coughs repeatedly) Right there
And if Mars is the farthest that man has set his target
Then I don't know why I even started
I'm sick of being too nice to people who don't do shit but consume light
Told myself, "Fuck the world kid, just do what you like
Go and have a food fight, start yourself a new life
You're too bright to be inside a bunch of mediocrity
But all those big words ain't gon' get you paid
And those abstract ideas for sure won't get you laid
You got it made in that mad house
What the fuck you got to be sad 'bout? Go 'head and rap now
Do what you do best
I mean, that's what you do best
Matter fact mothafucka, you a suit vest, you need to buy a new dress
I heard you and your girl live in a duplex
I'ma put her ass in a suplex, the sun east, the moon west
You got a clue, what does a clue get? Nothing"

[Verse 2: Jay Electronica]
My milk and honey, my chérie-chérie amore
My Cinderella in her carriage by the doorway
Her ruby slipper made the wizard send the scarecrow
And the lion through the forest
To the Wicked Witch's fortress where she scorched them in the foreplay
Remember that? He said he'd fight the box to see the wizard
When he was visited by Dorothy who came here on a blizzard
Now the whole world's in color, still
How Auntie Em was next of kin but not her mother, real
Her face was careworn, I suspected she migrated to Kansas up from Dearborn
And had beef with Mrs. Gulch from the very beginning of year one
Mr. Candyman, the parables parabolic
The poetry's like the poems and psalms of Ecclesiastes
Lightning should strike the stone and then Moses should make a tablet
The Judge will bang the wood up in parliament with the mallet
And yell "Hear hear", finally some order to this rap shit
Finally some sort of water to soil these cracked lips
I keep my shit crispy and elegant
So miss me with the irrelevant, the god body is heaven-sent
The hard-body is reverence, since the son of Byford
Brother of Fal, every rhyme's halal
Every line is kosher, livin' la vida loca
Shout out to Tony Toca, we ballin' like we suppose to...


Remember

[Intro]
Yup, yup
Yup
Uh

[Verse 1]
I hope you're proud of me, dude I grew to be
Ingenuity influenced by your eulogy
Going through memories like they were movie scenes
I know I been the shit, all these people full of me
I admit, I guess I'm full of myself, too
There's just a bunch of shit, I wish I could tell you, but
This life move fast, I never knew that
Yours wouldn't have lasted, the dirt hitting your casket, like raindrops
I swear I'll let you know when the pain stop
For now, I need to run to any place that a train stops
And everybody wanna talk to me about some business shit
Never really listening, couldn't get real interested
My days gettin' darker, so the haze get sparked up
All this hate sound the same when my name get brought up
You had a girl, I kinda wish you knocked her up
So I could meet your son and talk you up

[Chorus]
I remember
When we were just kids
We knew nothing at all
And we would talk about the life we lived in
West Virginia
Lost somewhere out in
West Virginia

[Verse 2]
It's a
Dark sign when your friends start dyin'
Like, "How could he go? He was part-lion"
Life goes on, the tears all dried and
Couple years are gone by by then, uh
Can you please help me find my friend?
I give you anything you need multiplied by 10
I heard he moved to a place where the time don't end
So you don't need money, all you got is time to spend
Yeah, life's short, don't ever question the length
It's cool to cry, don't ever question your strength
I recommend no limits, intricate thought
Go 'head, just give it a shot, you'll remember shit you forgot

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause way back then I didn't know shit
And I don't know shit now
When the world's lookin' hopeless
I'ma still hold shit down

[Chorus]
I remember
When we were just kids
We knew nothing at all
And we would talk about the life we lived in
West Virginia
Lost somewhere out in
West Virginia

[Guitar Solo]


Avian

[Intro]
Yah
Yo, yo

[Verse 1]
Look
Concoction of hamentashens (Okay)
Launchin' a bottle rocket (Okay)
Done bein' nice, I'm here for your life and all the profits (Whoa)
I'm not your conscience, you nuts? Almonds and Häagen-Dazs
Auction off your grandfather's watch from the Holocaust (Okay)
I'm iconic, naked, walk in the garden bird watchin'
Alarmin' all of these cardinals like I need a pope (Pope)
Puffin' that white smoke (Smoke,) get faded and play the maestro
I'm ice cold, bunny slippers, nice robe (Probably velvet)
Sneaky bitch stole my Rollie last night, yo (Night, yo)
I might know some dyke hoes who can fight though (Yeah!)
Walkin' on a tight rope, underneath a microscope
But close-up we all just molecules and isotopes (That's very deep)
My psychic don't know the future
To live life, you kids might just close your computer (Get some exercise)
The street lights might blind you though (Blind you though)
Make a collage and look at it through a kaleidoscope

[Chorus]
There's a bird in the sky
Look at him fly, why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Ugh
Let the money pile, I'll be runnin' wild
Life's a motherfuckin' joke so we fuck around
Feel like I do this in my sleep (Do this in my sleep)
Literally, I do this in my sleep

[Interlude]
It's an impression of Bueller
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
A little TV money (Okay), dollars for sense of humor (Yeah)
Scholar but my attendance like Bueller, so no use for a tutor
Some cold brews in the cooler (Have one,) comin' through
In the wood-grain PT Cruiser, stuntin' (Stuntin')
I'm pissed off like a blind person lookin' for a restroom (Restroom)
Prob'ly be dead soon, inhalin' cigarette fumes *Coughs*
Sorry for that blind people comment, that was just rude (Yeah)
And I was raised better, say, "God bless you" (God bless you,) haha
I'm Kenny Powers, you more of a Debbie Downer
My bitch takin' off her trousers every time I get around her
I'm nasty, I never shower, go sleep on a bed of flowers
Not into this conversation, I've been in my head for hours, I'm out

[Chorus]
There's a bird in the sky
Look at him fly, why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Ugh
Let the money pile, I'll be runnin' wild
Life's a motherfuckin' joke so we fuck around
Feel like I do this in my sleep (Do this in my sleep)
Literally, I do this in my sleep


I’ m Not Real(Feat.Vinny Radio & Earl Sweatshirt)

Celestial Muse, Instruct me how to sing
The generous Pity of the British King,
Who mov'd by Gallia's crys, and Heav'n's Command,
Sustain'd excessive toyl by Sea and Land,
The Gallic Christians Freedom to restore,
And save Neustrasia's Realm from Clotar's power.

The Valiant Briton from the Cimbrian Coast
Was newly landed with his Conq'ring Host,
Leading his Spoils and Captive Lords along
Augusta's Streets, amidst th' applauding throng,
Who sung his Triumphs and proclaim'd aloud
His mighty Deeds on Eyder's wond'ring Flood:
When num'rous Envoys drawn by Arthur's fame,
From distant Kingdoms to Augusta came.
Faces so strange, and Habits so unknown,
Had ne'er before pass'd thro' th' admiring Town.
They made their publick Entrys at her Gate
With great Magnificence and Princely State.
They strove in Pomp each other to out-do,
And who should most their Master's Greatness shew.
Thick at the Court did Forreign Lords appear,
Some by Affection brought, but more by Fear.
Some Leagues of lasting Friendship offer'd, some
Did for Protection from Oppressors come:
But all, O Albion, did applaud thy fate
Blest with so just a Prince to guide thy State.

The Night her Sable Banner did display,
And from the Air to chase the Light away
Drew out her must'ring Shades in black Array:
When Britain's King dissolv'd in balmy rest
Dismist the Cares of Empire from his Breast.
But Heav'n mean time, which such a Noble Mind
For Dangers, and for glorious toyl design'd,
Did by a Dream sent in the silent Night,
To fresh Heroic Deeds the King excite:
Its Springs divinely touch'd, his lab'ring Brain
Did this Celestial Vision entertain.

The pious King seem'd in his Dream to stand
On Albion's Shore, and to the adverse Strand
Looking across the interposing Tyde
Which do's the Briton from the Frank divide,
He saw upon the Beach Sev'n Men appear
Of Noble Form, and more than Vulgar Air.
Advancing to the Margin of the Flood,
And lifting up their hands they cry'd aloud,
Oh, come and help us, come victorious King,
And quick Assistance to th' afflicted bring.
The strong Impression Sleep's soft Fetters broke,
And from his Dream the British King awoke:
Who in his thoughts revolv'd what Heav'n should mean
By this surprizing Visionary Scene.

When the fair Morn had shot her early ray,
And spread her Purple Loom with dawning Day:
Four Noble Gallic Lords who had surviv'd
King Clotar's Rage, at Arthur's Court arriv'd,
To move the Briton's Pity, and to crave
His mighty Aid their sinking State to save.
Then on his Throne his Scepter in his hand
Great Arthur sate, but first he gave command
That these to have the Audience which they sought,
Before his high Tribunal should be brought.

Soon as the Franks came onward to relate
King Clotar's Rage, and Gallia's wretched fate,
Arthur perceiv d by Face, and Dress, and Mein
That he the Men had in his Vision seen.

The Gallic Peers advanc'd, and at their head
Great Clovis came in Arms and Suff'rings bred.
So soft his Air, so graceful was his Port,
As he had practis'd nothing but the Court:
And yet so brave in Arms, and so much skill'd,
As he had ne'er been absent from the Field.
He spoke to all the high Concerns of State,
As in the Council he had ever sate,
And when amidst the Men that wore the Gown,
The Schools admir'd, and thought him all their own.
But his Religious Zeal and Pure Belief
Crown'd with Immortal Praise the Pious Chief.
The Noblest British mixt with Gallic Blood
To make th' uncommon Man together flow'd:
For by the Father's he was near ally'd
To Gallia's King, and by the Mothers side
He from the Catuclanian Princes came
A house in Albion of Illustrious Fame.
He with a Mournful and Pathetic Air
To Britain's King address'd this humble prayer.

When Heav'n with deep Compassion mov'd to see
Mankind Destroy'd by raging Tyranny,
Is pleas'd to raise some mighty Chief, to ease
Kingdoms laid wast, and Captives to release;
To pull proud Monarchs and Oppressors down
And Right, and Liberty to re-enthrone;
When such a Gift Divine from Heav'n is sent,
The Poor, th' Opprest, th' Afflicted Innocent
Think they have Right to tell to him their Grief,
And from his generous Arms to crave Relief:
Heros are Blessings on the World bestow'd,
They reap the Honour, but Mankind the Good.

Torn by a fierce Destroyer's bloody Jaws,
And grip'd between Oppressions Iron Claws,
Tormented with unsufferable Pains,
Bow'd down with Grief, and laden with our Chains,
Low at your feet, we for your Pity cry,
To whom th' Afflicted for Protection fly.
We ask Redress from your Victorious Sword,
To ease sad Gallia's Realm your Aid afford.
Th' Oppressor Clotar with a cruel hand
Spreads fearful Desolation thro' our Land.
He mocks his Gods, their Laws he disregards,
And scorns alike their Vengeance and Rewards.
Our Noblest Virgins from their Parents torn
Are to his Bed with Barb'rous Outrage born.
In every Town unheard of Rapes asswage
His Lust, as endless Murders do his Rage.
His dreadful Court, like a Cyclopian Den,
Is fill'd with Rapine, and half-eaten Men;
Where lies of mangled Limbs an endless store,
And wide mouth'd Caldrons flow with Humane Gore.
For he his Subjects on his Table sets,
And their raw Limbs (a horrid Banquet) eats:
With Savage Riot on th' unnatural food
He pours down mighty Bowls of reeking Blood.
Pleas'd with the monstrous Luxury he draws
Into a hideous Smile his squallid Jaws.
Vast Magazines appear within his Court
Where Torments are dispos'd of various sort;
Where Cruelty with bloody Trophys crown'd
Views all her Deaths and Tortures spread around:
Wheels, Crosses, Racks by able Masters wrought
Who had with Hellish Skill and anxious thought,
Refin'd Destruction to Perfection brought.
And here their Curst Inventions all remain
Which Death improve, and manage ling'ring Pain.
Th' Oppressor teaches Fate a slower pace,
And rarely gives the Deadly stroke of Grace.
He thinks to those he does Compassion show,
Who die but once, and at a single blow.
His Guards the bloody Servants of his will
With Spoil and Ruin all our Cities fill.
These Ministers of Hell with Sword in hand
Insult our Doors, and all our Wealth demand.
The Farmer sweats and tills in vain the Soil,
These reap the Harvest and enjoy his Toil.
Merchants who Forreign Treasures bring are lost
Upon their own unhospitable Coast.
Those who escape loud Tempests, Rocks, and Waves
Th' inexorable Clotar never saves.
Our Sons and Daughters to the Mountains fly,
Where Grass and Roots their want of Bread supply.
The Men in Heaps are spread upon the Ground,
And half chewn Herbs within their Mouths are found.
Our Towns are Empty, and the tender Grass
Springs in the unfrequented Market-place.
If to our Cruel Masters we complain,
They mock our Suff'rings, and increase our Pain.
Licentious Troops not sparing Sex or Age,
Leave all the marks of their unbridled Rage.
Bloody Assassins force our Doors by Night,
And stab the Children in the Parents sight.
Matrons and Maids together die, when first
They've been dishonor'd by the Murd'rer's Lust.
Some the Destroyer puts off from the Shore
In Barks, without a Rudder Sail or Oar,
To be convey'd, as Winds and Billows please,
'Midst all th' amazing Terrours of the Seas.
Some Gally Slaves with Endless labour sweat,
And on the Ocean's back their strokes repeat,
While from their cruel Masters they receive
More frequent wounds, than to the Seas they give.
The Christians are in Christian Temples slain,
And the Priest's blood do's his own Altar stain.
Some doom'd in Mines to subterranean toyl,
Enrich th' Oppressor with the wealthy spoil.
To Prisons some are drag'd in pondrous chains,
Where Ruffians Whips inflict tormenting pains.
In Dungeons some 'midst loathsom Vermin lie,
Some by the Rack, some by the Jav'lin die.
Thy Nero's and thy Maximins, O Rome,
And all the Spoilers which thy savage womb
Fruitful of Monsters ever yet brought forth,
Are all out-done by Clotar's single birth.
His unexampled Cruelties surpass
The Deeds of all thy Persecuting Race.
Ages to come will their weak Rage forget,
And only Clotar's Violence repeat.
They seem'd contented only to destroy,
And Death and Torment did their Fury cloy.
But none of all th' Inexorable kind
With Clotar's Genius Cruelty refin'd:
No Master Tyrant had so vast a reach
To find new Plagues, none so much Zeal to teach
His Ministers strange Methods to destroy,
None e'er before with such transporting joy
O'er tortur'd Innocents insulting stood,
None with such Pleasure bath'd himself in blood,
Or in Tormenting e'er such Judgment show'd.
What Monarch e'er before stood scoffing by,
To see his Subjects in slow Torments dy,
And told the Suff'rers there was no pretence
To blame such soft and gentle Violence:
Such mild inlight'ning Pains, that might display
O'er their Erroneous Minds Celestial Day.
All who these barb'rous Cruelties survive,
The bloody Ruffians to their Altar drive;
Down their Reluctant throats they thrust the Meat,
And force them of their Sacrifice to eat.
Conversions are by Arm'd Invaders made,
Who with resistless Arguments perswade:
Who for Conviction shed the People's blood
And ruin wretched Mortals for their Good.
The mocking Hypocrite's unjust pretence
Is, to reduce by Racks and Violence
Perverted Judgments to a righter Sense.
The Converts of the Sword Complyance show,
And full of horrour to their Idols bow;
By this they hope the Conq'rour's Sword to stay,
And to secure their Lives their Faith betray:
But that infernal Malice may be cloy'd,
That Soul and Body both may be destroy'd,
The Cruel Infidel with Sword in hand
O'er the new Convert do's triumphant stand:
Then in his Bowels do's the Weapon sheath,
Who loses both his Innocence and Breath,
Rack'd with the torments of Despair and Death.
Some sore distrest to Wilds and Desarts fly,
In Caves and Rocks, in Woods and Mountains ly.
While, like the Jews abandon'd Nation, some
Thro' Forreign Regions poor and naked roam.
What Kingdom is not conscious of our Moans?
Who have not seen our Tears, or heard our Groans?
Do's the laborious Sun survey a Soil,
In his Diurnal, or his Annual toil,
Which to our Fugitives ne'er gave Relief,
And never entertain'd our wandring Grief.

This is the Gallic Christians wretched fate,
Which not the liv'liest Accents can relate.
And now the Moon twice dips her silver horns,
And with fresh rays her changing face adorns;
Since I, and these sad Friends together met,
Resolving from Lutetia to retreat,
And seek in Forreign Climes a milder seat.
Then while our Country's fate we did lament,
And flowing Tears gave to our sorrow vent;
A glorious Form like some Inferior God,
Newly descended from his blest abode
Entring the Room, Celestial Lustre spread
From his Immortal Eyes, and radiant Head.
A Heav'nly bloom adorn'd his youthful Face,
And Starry Robes did his bright Limbs embrace:
When first the Lovely Stranger did appear,
We bow'd with Rev'rence, and we shook with fear.
Then strait th' Illustrious Person silence broke,
And thus my trembling Friends and me bespoke.

The God who rules as well the spacious Sky,
As this low Ball, who from his Throne on high
Encompass'd with impenetrable Day,
Do's all his Worlds with one quick glance survey;
Who loves the Proud and Haughty to debase,
And sets the Meek and Humble in their place;
Touch'd with Compassion hears your mournful Crys,
Which mixt with dying groans to Heav'n arise.
He now Decrees th' Oppressor Clotar's fall,
Whose full grown Crimes for swift Destruction call:
For tho' his Vengefull Thunder rises slow,
'Tis to discharge a more tremendous blow.
Indulgent Heav'n by Arthur's hand has broke
Britannia's Fetters, and Tyrannic Yoke.
His Pious Arms shall ease Lutetia's Pains,
Release her Sons, and break their pondrous Chains.
This Great Deliv'rer shall Europa save,
Which haughty Monarchs labour to enslave.
Then shall Religion reer her starry head,
And Light Divine o'er all the Nations spread.
Quickly embark and steer for Albion's Shore
To seek King Arthur, and his Aid implore.
Your prayer shall move, that Pity in his breast,
Which shall engage his Arms to give you rest.
He said, and strait the glorious Youth withdrew,
Display'd his shining Wings, and Upward flew.

Cheer'd with his words we with our utmost care
Did all things for the Voyage soon prepare.
When thrice the Sun had his mild splendor shed,
And o'er the East Etherial purple spred:
We all embarkt, and soon to Albion's Coast
Born with a prosp'rous Gale the Ocean crost.
Thus the Celestial Message we obey'd,
Sent by Supream Command, to crave your Aid.

He ceas'd. King Arthur carefully supprest
The generous Passion struggling in his breast.
He look'd on this as on a Call Divine
Which did this noble Enterprize enjoyn,
The Gallic Christians Freedom to restore,
And give that Aid the Suff'rers did implore.
Then to the Franks the Briton thus reply'd,
Your Prayer is neither granted, nor deny'd:
What you have now propos'd I'll duly weigh,
And then my Answer give without delay.
The Franks withdrawn, the Hero order gave
That Neustria's Lords should next Admission have:
Soon as the Monarch did the Neustrians see,
He strait discern'd these were the other three,
Who in the Heav'nly Dream the Night before
To give them Aid his Pity did implore.
They to the Throne advanc'd when thus begun
Wise Oleron Giranda's Noble Son.

Victorious Prince!
We know what Miracles your Arms have shown
In Neustria's Soil, what greater in your own.
From East to West loud fame extends her Wings,
And thro' th' applauding World your triumph sings.
Your mighty Deeds by wondring Moors are nam'd,
From Zone to Zone, from Pole to Pole proclaim'd.
Commiseration fills your Pious Breast
To wretched States by heavy Yokes opprest.
Mov'd by the groans of dying Liberty,
You arm'd to set afflicted Europe free.
You are by Heav'n a great Deliverer sent,
The World's entire Destruction to prevent.
Empires from Desolation to secure,
From savage Rage, and wild unbounded Power.
From all the dire Calamities that reign
Where no fixt Laws th' Oppressor's Lust restrain.
The wasted World has long with servent Crys,
With groans, and tears sollicited the Skys,
To give fierce Tyranny a fatal stroke,
To break her Murd'ring Teeth, and Iron Yoke:
With th' universal prayer kind Heav'n complies,
Causing so great a Monarch to arise,
Whose Soul is bent to stay the Fury's course,
And whose Herculean Arm alone exceeds her force.
In vain with rage her turgid Volumes swell,
In vain around her womb her Monsters Yell,
You all the Hydra's hissing heads despise,
All her wide Jaws, sharp Tongues, and fiery Eyes.
Your mighty Arm will give the deadly wound,
And leave th' expiring Monster on the ground.
Fertile in Death your Sword Destruction spreads
Fast as her fruitful Necks can bring forth heads.
Besides you lead a Nation brave in Fight
Pleas'd to procure to injur'd States their Right.
When such a Prince with such a People takes
The Field in arms, the pale Oppressor shakes.
In Liberty's defence the warmest Zeal
The nobly Jealous Britons still reveal;
Asserting with their Lives her sacred Cause,
They justly gain th' admiring World's applause.
While neigh'bring Nations Tyrants never check,
But bow to take the Yoke, their passive Neck;
The Britons stem Ambitions rapid course,
Defeating secret frauds, and open force.
Designing Princes still they have withstood,
To Guard the Rights, bought by their Fathers Blood
But Liberty which they to Life prefer,
Could not escape the Saxon Ravisher.
Rifled and spoil'd of all her Heav'nly Charms,
She had expir'd in the rough Conq'rour's Arms;
And Albion soon had shar'd her Neighbours fate,
And felt the Mischiefs of a slavish State:
Had not your generous Arms and noble Toyl,
Sav'd from Destruction this despairing Isle.
Had you not chas'd Tyrannic Lords away,
And from their griping Arms releas'd the trembling Prey.
Blest Isle! that in the lowest Ebb of fate,
Found this strong Arm to prop her sinking State.
Happy Britannia, did thy Sons but know,
What to their brave Deliverer they owe!

And now, Dread Monarch, whose victorious Arms
Have freed Britannia from her Foes alarms;
Whose great Example do's her Sons inflame
To aim at Glory, and their ancient Fame;
Unhappy Neustria by her Prince betray'd,
Implores Deliv'rance from your pow'rful Aid.
Scarce had you sail'd from grateful Neustria's Shore,
Which ne'er receiv'd so great a Guest before,
Where first your Sword Immortal Laurels won,
And the first Triumphs of your Youth begun:
When suddain Death, King Odar did remove,
From Neustria's throne to the blest Seats above.
Sardan his Brother to his Crown Succeeds,
Not to his Vertues, and Illustrious Deeds.
This Prince Luxurious, and Effeminate,
Averse to Arms, and Business of the State,
Do's Vertue more than Arms, or Business hate.
Uninterupted Riots only please.
His Mind dissolv'd in long inglorious Ease.
While Neighb'ring Kings their Course of Glory run,
With Laurels crown'd from Vanquish'd Nations won:
Ours Baccanalian wreaths can only boast,
Only the Triumphs of his mighty Lust.
Our Wives and Noblest Virgins are abus'd,
Compell'd by force, or by his wiles seduc'd.
Lascivious Concubines their Prince surround,
They're in his Bed, and in his Counsels found.
These Female Ministers by turns create
Our Judges, Captains, Officers of State:
Our Priests themselves their vile submission make
To the soft Fav'rites, for Promotion's sake.
Jesters for Statsemen in his Council sit,
Not chosen for their Wisdom, but their Wit;
Empty Buffoons, unequal to the weight
Of all th' important Business of the State.
Those Ministers he thinks can serve him best,
Who flatter most, and know their Business least:
Who all Debates to please their Prince decide,
And from the People's Intrest, his divide.
This feeble Race attends this Monarch's Throne,
Whose Wit and Vice resemble most his own.
Th' Augean Stables, cleaner than the Court,
Whither the Vicious and the Lewd resort;
Th' infectious Plague by Sardan's Influence fed,
Do's o'er our Noble Youth resistless spred.
Poets the most Flagitious, and Prophane,
Neustria e'er fed, his bounty do's maintain.
Who by their Wit procure to Vice applause,
And loud Derision draw on Vertue's Cause.
They easy Nature with fit Baits excite,
And Youth to Crimes too prone before, invite.
By artful Eloquence they strive to show
Those Pleasures Lawful, which they wish were so.
Against their Country they their Wit engage,
Refine our Language, but corrupt the Age.
Our Noble Youth enervated with Vice,
Abhor the Field and Martial Fame despise.
The Sacred Muses, and the Letter'd Train
They Mock, and Camps and Schools alike disdain.
Riot, Debauch, Masks and Unmanly Sport,
Are all the Triumphs our soft Hero's Court.
Sardan all marks of Lust of Empire gave;
None more desir'd his Country to Enslave:
But the designing Monarch was afraid
With open force, our Freedom to invade.
His want of Courage his Ambition checkt,
And his strong Fears his People did Protect.
Oft on the Banks of Rubicon he stood,
But ne'er was bold enough to leap the Flood:
But that with crafty Arts he might prevail,
And undermine the Fort, he durst not Scale:
That those he could not force he might decoy,
He labour'd Neustria's Vertue to destroy.
His great design was to Emasculate
Our Martial Youth, and then destroy the State.
Thus he believ'd he might Neustrasia bring,
Beneath the Yoke of Gaul's aspiring King.
Whose growing Power he did with pleasure view,
And gave him Aid his Neighbours to subdue.
Whence he contracted Everlasting Shame,
And future Ages must despise his name.
So ill he wish'd to the Neustrasian State,
So much he courted Clotar's prosp'rous Fate,
That to advance the Triumphs of his Crown,
He sacrific'd the Int'rests of his own.
He therefore sent to Clotar to demand,
A force sufficient to subdue the Land.
Clotar whose num'rous Armys ready lay,
Watching a season fit to seize the Prey,
Invades our Coasts, and soon was Master made
Of our strong Places to his hands betray'd.
Thus did he force Neustrasia to obey
A Neighb'ring Monarch's Arbitrary Sway.
Sardan was pleas'd so Neustria was undone
To wear himself a Tributary Crown.
Since that, our Land the worst of Plagues torment,
Which Power could e'er inflict, or Wit invent.
This mighty Prince is our Afflicted State,
These the deep Suff'rings, which our Grief create.

We pray by that Immortal Fame you won,
By all your Wonders in Neustrasia done:
We pray by yours, we pray by Odar's name,
And by your ancient Friendship's sacred flame:
To Neustria's Sons their ravish'd Rights restore,
And free her Soil from cruel Clotar's Power.
From her gaul'd Neck remove th' uneasy Yoke,
Only by Valiant Arthur to be broke.

He ceas'd. The King from his high Throne descends,
Mov'd with Compassion to his ancient Friends.
Declaring e'er he rose, he would prepare
A speedy answer to th' important prayer.

Twice on the World the Sun his beams bestow'd,
And twice his glorious tyde had ebb'd, and flow'd:
When Franks and Neustrians at the King's Command
Call'd to attend before his Throne did stand,
The Pious Monarch this kind answer made
To these sad Strangers who had crav'd his aid.
The Christians Suff'rings by Tyrannic might
Against the Laws of Heav'n, and civil Right,
All who with kindly to Mankind lament,
And Christian Kings more deeply must resent.
My Troops I'll therefore for the Neustrian Shore
Embark, your Rights and Freedoms to restore.
Where if propitious Heav'n affords us Aid,
Our Arms shall next the haughty Frank invade.

He ceas'd, the Captains did for Arms declare
Nobly impatient of the Righteous War.
Heroic Ardor all their Vitals warm'd,
And on the Plains the must'ring Cohorts swarm'd.
A War with Gaul so much, so long desir'd
The joyful Britons with fresh Life inspir'd.
Long had they wish'd to see on Britain's Throne
A warlike Prince, one that himself would own
To be the Christians chief Protecting Head,
Who would the British Troops to Gallia lead.
Indulgent Heav'n at last their wishes grants,
Raising a Prince who answers all their wants.
One that to Albion's eager Youth will show
The Gallic Fields, and their old haughty Foe.
Each brandishes his Spear, his Fauchion weilds,
And seems already in Lutetia's Fields.
The Noise of Arms and marching Soldiers toyl
And Warlike Preparations fill the Isle.
The Trumpet's Voice do's Britain's Sons excite,
And waving Banners to the Field invite.
The Shepherd on the Hills his Flock forsakes,
Casts by his Crook, and the bright Javelin takes.
The Husbandman do's from his labour leap,
To plough the Seas, and Gallic Laurels reap.
He beats his Ploughshares into Helms and Shields,
Deserts his Harvest, and his flowry Fields,
Neglects his Tillage, and his Rural Gains,
To plant with British Spears Parisian Plains.
The Lords forsake their Woods, and Sylvan Sport,
And from the Forrest to the Camp resort.
They leave the Mountains, and the flying Game
To follow Honour, and Immortal Fame.
Some few Inglorious Youths for Arms unfit
Refus'd the Pleasures of the Stage to quit.
Who only War in Theaters have seen,
And Camps and Battles only on the Scene.
Fit only shows and Laurels to prepare
For Arthur come victorious from the War:
To run, and shout amidst th' applauding throng,
As Britain's Sons in Triumph pass along.
Refulgent Arms Augusta's Merchants weild
And to the busy Change prefer the Field.
These brave Adventurers in the noble War,
Will Honour fetch, as well as Wealth from far.
Some mount their Steeds, and to the Field advance,
Some shake the Spear, and some the Warlike Lance.
Part arm'd with feather'd Death their Quivers throw
Across their Shoulders, and new string their Bow.
Some round their Necks the martial Coslet clasp,
Some the broad Shield, and glitt'ring Javelin grasp.
Part on their heads the burnish'd Helmet lace,
And all in Plate their vig'rous Limbs encase.

The Royal Fleet with equal hast and care,
The rigid Captains of the Sea prepare.
The craggy Rocks and crooked Shores around
With labour, and promiscuous crys resound.
The Saylor's toil fills every Beach and Strand,
And the Sea-Clamours vye with those by Land.
Some from their Magazines draw Naval Stores,
Long trembling Masts, and Cordage to the Shores.
Some in the Hills with loud repeated strokes,
Dismember nodding Pines and groaning Oaks.
The lifted Axe thro' all the Mountain sounds
To heal the Navy's with the Forest's Wounds.
For Masts, and Planks, they fell the fairest Trees,
The rest, for supplemental Ribs and Knees.
They draw the Spoils from the dishonour'd Wood,
Whose Trees, that once fixt and unshaken stood,
Must now find Wings to fly upon the Flood.
Some from wide Bellows mouths whole Tempests blow,
To make vast Anchors in the Forges glow;
Then choak'd with flame and smoke, and smear'd with sweat,
Vulcanian Youth the Red-hot Iron beat.
Some on the Strand Careen, and fresh adorn
The Ships grown foul, and with their labour worn.
Some new ones Launch, which with surprising Art
From all their Bands, and Wooden Fetters start:
They break away, and from their Cradles flee
Now to be rock'd upon the restless Sea.
Some carry Arms, and Warlike Stores aboard,
Some in the Ship's deep Caves Provisions hoard.
Whole Herds of fatted Swine and Oxen dy,
The Ships capacious Bellys to supply,
Furnish'd by old Polcaran's toilsom care,
The first that cloy'd the hungry mouth of War.

Then all th' expected Equipage on Board,
Their Topsails loos'd, and all the Ships unmoor'd;
The Royal Navy on the Billows rode,
And prest with heavy War th' uneasie Flood.
The fierce Commanders stand in awful State,
On their high Decks, and Arthur's coming wait.
The Monarch with his valiant Troops arrives,
And strait t' embark his Army order gives.
The British Cohorts at the King's Command,
Mount their tall Ships, and long for Neustrian Land.
Loud Boreas to extend the spacious Sails,
From Northern Prisons frees his chosen Gales,
All bold and vig'rous, and refresh'd with ease,
All vers'd in toil, and conscious of the Seas.
These swell the Canvass with their utmost force,
And strait to Neustria's Shore direct their course.
The panting Winds to shove the Navy strain,
And of the Squadrons weight in Sighs complain,
The Labour of the Air, and Burden of the Main.
The bounding Castles on the Billows dance,
And in long Order on the Deep advance.
While wanton Dolphins round the Squadrons play,
And sporting Course each other o'er the Sea.
Huge Porpoises and the great Lords that reign
O'er all the Scaly People of the Main,
Attend the Navy with an endless train.
The Finny Murd'rers that the Deep infest,
Forsake their Prey, and give the Ocean rest:
While they at distance gaze, and fawning roll
To Court the Prince who do's their Seas controul;
Fearing the great Deliv'rer came to free
The watry Nations too from Tyranny.

On the high Cliffs in throngs the Neustrians stood,
And on the Sandy Margin of the Flood,
Advanc'd, as far as Waves permit, to meet
Europe's Restorer and his Potent Fleet.
And when they saw, the Navy under Sail
Advancing to them with a prosp'rous Gale,
With such loud Shouts they made the Mountains ring,
As sunk the Winds which should their wishes bring.
So Thund'ring Cannons, when two Fleets engage,
With their loud roar the angry Seas asswage,
Awe list'ning Winds, and calm their weaker rage.
King Arthur's Navy made the Neustrian Land,
And strait the Britons leap'd upon the Strand:
Their warlike Ensigns on the Hills display'd
Declare th' arrival of th' expected Aid.

Now Muse the Names of those great Hero's sing,
And mighty Chiefs, who with the British King
On this illustrious Expedition went,
And pitch'd in Neustrian Fields the warlike Tent.

Shobar was first, sprung from a Noble Line,
Which dwelt upon the Banks of rapid Rhine.
His martial Genius early did appear,
Danger he knew, but knew not how to fear.
Eager of fame he fought with studious care
Battles, and Camps, and all the Seats of War.
His valiant Deeds won Universal Fame,
And every Soil his Triumphs did proclaim.
His mighty Name was thro' Europa spread,
All Armys strove to have him for their head,
For those were sure of Conquest, which he led.
A noble Fire did in his Veins abide,
And the severest Wisdom was its Guide.
His Camp the only School of War was thought,
Which all young Hero's for Instruction sought,
For none had Martial Art to such Perfection brought.
But worn with Labour, Battles, Camps, and Age
The Hoary Warriour left the bloody Stage.
Back to his Fields, and Rural Seat he came
Laden with Laurels and Immortal Fame.
Resolving, far remov'd from noise and strife,
To spend in Peace his short Remains of Life.
But when he heard how Arthur's Arms were prais'd,
And what a great Restorer Heav'n had rais'd,
Nations oppress'd from Bondage to release,
And to procure to suff'ring Christians, Ease,
The Pious Chief resumes his Sword and Shield,
And once again resolves to take the Field.
The ancient Warriour felt a youthful flame,
And from the Rhine to find King Arthur came.
Arthur who knew what Deeds he had atchiev'd,
With high respect the brave Old Man receiv'd.
He always to his Counsels did attend,
Call'd him his Father, and his Faithful Friend.

Next mighty Solmar who was near ally'd
To pious Arthur by the Mother's side;
Who by his Strength and Skill in Arms had won
Authority, Esteem, and great Renown,
Brother to Meridoc, of glorious fame
With th' Ordovician youth to Arthur came,

Next faithful Lucius Arthur's fav'rite Knight,
An able Statesman, and as brave in Fight.
Who from his Youth his Monarch serv'd and lov'd,
And in the greatest Streights his Zeal approv'd,
No Servant from a Monarch e'er before
Receiv'd more Love, and none deserv'd it more;
He the Silures from their Country led,
O'er whom the King had plac'd him as their head.

The stout Cornavians to engage the Foes,
The Region left where fam'd Sabrina flows.
The fertile Soil where Etocetum stands,
And which obeys Branonium's high Commands.
Some left Presidium still a noble Town,
And the rich Soil, that did her Empire own.
And some the Citys, that on Dovus lay,
And where fair Deva do's her Streams convey,
Thro' smiling Vallys to th' Hibernian Sea.
The Atrebatian and Dobunian Lords
Brought their Battalions from Sabrina's Fords.
And from the Soil where Ouze and Tama meet,
The Muses Garden now, and high Imperial Seat:
Prince Osor worthy of his noble Line,
Whose mighty Deeds in Albion's story shine,
Warm with a generous and Heroic flame,
Fearless of Death, and fond of warlike Fame,
Zealous to give the suff'ring Christian rest,
To break th' Oppressor, and defend th' Opprest
Into the field these Various Nations brought,
Who arm'd with Spears, and Battle Axes fought.
Osor so high in Arthur's Favour stood
For Martial Vertue, and Illustrious Blood,
That he the Youth to ancient Chiefs prefer'd,
And Gen'ral of the Cavalry declar'd.

Malgo King Arthur's Master of the Horse
Fam'd for his Courage, and his wondrous force,
Whose Courteous Manners and Deportment won
No less Applauses, than his Sword had done,
The brave Dimetians to the Army led,
All valiant Troops to warlike labour bred.
The Trinobantes with the Region blest,
Which the Victorious Saxon once possest,
Left the Delightful Banks of Thamisis,
The Seat of Plenty and Terrestrial Bliss.
They left Augusta which by Arthur's Sword
To Truth divine, to Right, and Law restor'd,
From Pagan Gods, and from th' Oppressor freed,
Reer'd up to Heav'n her high Imperial head:
For stately Domes and lofty Tow'rs renown'd,
With Arts and Arms, and Wealth and Empire crown'd.
Capellan valu'd for his Youthful Charms,
For his high Birth, and forward Zeal in Arms:
The warlike Deeds of whose Illustrious Line,
As well as Suff'rings, in our Annals shine,
Into the field the Trinobantes led,
And shone in splendid Armour at their head.
Some bore the glitt'ring Spear, and some the Bow
All bold in Arms, and pleas'd to meet the Foe.

The warlike Youth rul'd by Icenian Lords,
Some arm'd with Halberts, some with two edg'd Swords,
Left all the Citys which adorn the Coast,
Where the Germanic Ocean's waves are tost.
The Catuclaxian Cohorts left the Soil,
That lay the inmost of the British Isle.
Those who in Lactodorum did reside,
Which Usa's Stream did in the midst divide.
And those who all the Region round possest
Adorn'd with Citys, and with Riches blest.
These valiant Squadrons arm'd with Slings and Bows,
Brave Talmar led to charge the Gallic Foes.
A truly martial, but impetuous Fire
Did with immoderate heat his breast inspire.
Nobly impatient of unbounded Power,
He strove Britannia's Freedom to secure.
A brave Assertor of her ancient Laws,
Of Pious Arthur's, and the Christian Cause.
Onwards he always prest, and Danger sought,
Patient of toyl, and fearless to a fau't.
His Courteous Manners, easy, free Address,
Th' indulgent care he did for all express
Providing due supplys for all their Wants,
And kindly hearing all their just Complaints.
Made the brave Chief the British Youths Delight
Of Arthur's Camp the most applauded Knight.

The Ottadenians left Alaunus flood,
Near which the famous Roman Bullwark stood,
Rais'd with prodigious labour to protect
The Frontier, from th' Jernian, and the Pict.
With these the stout Brigantes who confin'd
On th' Ottadenian Towns, their Ensigns joyn'd.
They from Galatum on Ituna's Stream,
And from delightful Aballaba came
With these appear'd the fierce Arbeian Youth,
And those who dwelt near Moricambe's Mouth.
Fair Gabrosentum did her Squadrons send,
As did the Towns that on her Power depend.
The Troops Mancunium left, and all the Fields
To which Merseia verdant Riches yields.

These Maca led a Caledonian Knight,
Long vers'd in Arms, Sedate, yet brave in Fight.
He still advanc'd by Military Rule,
Vig'rous in Action, but in Counsel cool.
He all the British Captains did out-shine
For pure Devotion, Zeal and Love divine.
Just, Upright, Faithful, and with Vice unstain'd
Eu'n in a Camp the Pious Chief remain'd:
And nobler heats Religion do's inspire,
Than what from Honour spring, and native Fire.
These aim at transient Empire and Renown,
But those at Heav'n, and an Immortal Crown.

Coril a valiant Durotrigian Knight,
Who ever made the Camp his chief delight;
A great Commander, to the Soldier dear,
Void of all Pride, uncapable of Fear,
Brought his bold Troops from Durnavaria's Fields,
With mighty Fauchions Arm'd, and spacious Shields.

The Regnian Troops came from the Hilly Land,
Which lies direct against the Neustrian Strand.
From all the Citys, Castles, and the Towns,
Or in the Vales, or in the airy Downs
Which stretch on great Augusta's Southern side,
Between the Ocean, and fair Isis tyde.
With these the Belgian Britons did unite,
Who did in Battles and in Camps delight.
These came from Venta, and the Citys found
On the delightful Plains which lye around.
Great Cutar Viceroy of fair Vecta's Isle,
Brought these Battalions from their native Soil.
A generous Impulse, and a noble Flame
Urg'd the brave Man to seek Immortal Fame.
Ravish'd with War's and Danger's horrid Charms,
He with impetuous Ardor flew to Arms.
Triumphant Conquerors with their Laurels crown'd,
Not more delight, than he in Combate found.
He midst the Foe the hottest Battle sought,
And grown with Death familiar, fearless fought.
His strong desire of Arms was never cloy'd,
With such a Relish Danger he enjoy'd.
Soon as the rang'd Battalions came in sight,
He felt fierce Joy, and terrible Delight,
And shudder'd with his eagerness to Fight.
What flames flew from his Eyes, when he from far
View'd the sowr Brows, and murth'ring Jaws of War?
He midst the Heros was for Valour fam'd,
And midst the Bards, with envy'd Honour nam'd.
He by his matchless Song, as well as Sword
The Laurel gain'd, and loud Applause procur'd.

The Cangian Britons left the wealthy Soil,
Which with abundance crowns the Farmer's toil.
Where fair Uzella rolls her noble tyde,
And o'er the Meads unfolds her silver pride.
They left the Citys rais'd on Thona's flood,
And on the Fields round Coitmaur's spacious Wood.
From all the Towns round airy Camelet,
Which bears the name even now, of Arthur's seat;
Where winding Bruis with her lazy Stream
Surrounds Glascona's Isle, where antient fame
Has plac'd the Seat of th' Arimathean Saint,
Who first in Albion did Religion plant:
Which do's with pious Sepulchers abound,
And where King Arthur's blest Remains were found.
From high Mendippa and the spacious Plains
Blest with rich Entrails, and Metallic veins.
Where rapid Floods flow roaring under ground,
Where the fam'd Grotto Ochi Hol is found;
Which do's Parthenope all thine out-do,
That of Lucullus, and the Sybils too.
The warlike Youth from Aqua Solis came,
Whose wholsom Baths give Sinews to the Lame.
Their Healing Power the wise affirm proceeds,
From unform'd Minerals, and Metallic Seeds,
Which wash'd away from Subterranean Caves
Impregnate with their Heat the flowing Waves.
Whether these Seeds which in the Water strive,
Or some good Angel do's the Vertue give,
'Tis sure that Health and Vigour they impart
Above the reach of Æsculapian Art.
Witness the Spoils and Trophys which are shown
From vanquish'd Death, and from Diseases won.
Erla of Lands of great extent possest,
With Ease, with Honour, with Abundance blest,
By Pity mov'd, and martial Ardor warm'd,
To aid th' opprest Lutetian Christians Arm'd.
For Danger, and for Honourable toil
He left his Ease, his Wealth, and Native Soil.

The bold Danmonians did attend their Lord,
Each took his Shield and wav'd his threat'ning Sword.
Active and vig'rous they advanc'd their Names
By Wrestling, Whorlbat, old Heroic Games.
They left the Southern, and the Northern Shore,
Where British Seas, or where th' Hibernian roar.
Th' undaunted Youth from fair Tamara came,
And from the Flood that gave the Town its name.
They left Voluba, and Cenonis Mouth,
The most applauded Haven of the South.
They left the Banks of Isca and the Town
For Commerce, Wealth, and Power, of great renown.
These mighty Men to warlike labour bred,
Came from their hilly Land by Trelon led.
For old indulgent Cador at his Death
To Pious Arthur did his Realm bequeath.
Viceroy of which King Arthur Trelon made,
Whom the Danmonians as their Head obey'd.
His Martial Vertue do's in Story Shine,
A Vertue common to his ancient Line:
For Trelon's Noble House was so renown'd,
For mighty Deeds, that none was ever found
Who wanted Valour, or did e'er debase
By one inglorious Deed the Martial Race!
True Eagles they, when Infants, could behold
A Burnish'd Helm, or blazing Shield of Gold:
Ev'n then no horrid object mov'd their fear,
And their first play was with a Sword, or Spear.

The Coritanians left the Towns that stood,
Along the Banks of swift Aufona's flood.
Their Squadrons left the fat and fertile Land,
Where Verometum's Tow'rs and Raga's stand.
Where Margidunum from the Mountain's brow
Proudly surveys the wide stretcht Vale below.
Where Lindum reers her antient, awful head,
By all the Fenny Region round obey'd.
Where famous Pontis stood an ancient Town
By Roman Coins and checker'd Pavements known:
Brave Stannel patient of Heroic toil,
Sprung from a Race of Kings whom Mona's Isle
Insulted by the wild Hibernian Sea,
But blest with temp'rate Empire, did obey:
Who always for his Country bravely fought,
To Neustrian Fields the Coritanians brought.

The valiant Youth advanc'd their warlike Ranks
From noble Abum's, and Darventio's Banks.
Some from Calcaria came, from Danum some,
Some from the Tow'rs of high Eboracum.
Gotric a Chief Majestic, Awful, Grave,
Wise in the Senate, and in Battle brave;
Of unstain'd Honour, and uncommon worth,
Brought in these bold Brigantes from the North.
All Men of Courage and of subtile Wit,
All for the Camp, and some for Counsel fit.

The warlike Squadrons from Meldunum came,
Almost encompass'd by Antona's Stream.
From old Verlucio, and the fertile Land,
Where Leckham now, and ancient Cosam stand:
Cosam, with Plenty blest and temp'rate Air,
To me a Soil above all others dear.
The valiant Youth from Sorbiodunum came,
Of all their Towns the Chief, in Power and Fame.
Whose gilded Domes and Towers amidst the Sky,
With all but those of great Augusta vy.
Around her Walls lie stretcht the famous Plains,
Which Eccho with the toil of joyful Swains,
Where happy Shepherds with more Flocks are blest,
Than the Sicilian Mountains e'er possest;
Who fill the Air with loud, and sweeter Lays
Than those which once did fam'd Arcadia raise.
They left the Bourns, and all the fertile Plain
Where the high Monument do's still remain
Of Albion's Lords by Saxon Treach'ry slain.
An awful Pile wondrous in every part,
Not wholly wrought by Nature, nor by Art.
The Stones are all of such prodigious weight,
And raise their heads to such amazing height,
Such is the Structure's rude Magnificence,
And proud Disorder, that it makes pretence
To be Gigantic work, wherein are shown
High Rocks on Rocks with careless labour thrown.
Where now th' admiring Trav'ller may behold
What mighty Men Britannia bred of Old.
They left Cunetio still a noble Town
Rais'd on a fair, delightful, spacious Down,
Which over-looks the Vale, whose fruitful Crops
Out-do the greedy Farmer's utmost hopes.
Vebba a Cangian Chief of great Renown,
Who by his Arms had frequent Laurels won;
A Leader worthy of the high Command,
Brought to King Arthur's Camp this Cangian Band
These mighty Warriors from the British Isle,
Attended Arthur to his Foreign toil.


Someone Like You

[Sample: Nylo]
Someone like, someone like
Someone like, someone like
Someone like, someone like
Someone like
Someone like you, someone like you
Someone like, someone like
Someone like, someone like
Someone like, someone like
Someone like
Someone like you, someone like you
Someone like, someone like
Someone like, someone like
Someone like, someone like
Someone like
Someone like you, someone like you

[Verse 1]
Uh, yeah
Light up 'til the pain gone (Gone), all I hear is the same song (Song)
When the radio came on, fuck around and get based on (Bitch)
Do this shit 'til the day I die (Die), are you ready (Ready), are you ready? (No)
Terrified but my hand is steady (Steady), verified, get the camera ready (Click)
Carry my own weight, all these earthquakes don't wake
Me up from this deep sleep (Sleep), divin' into this cold lake (Brr)
Fuck a bitch 'til her toes shake (Shake), tellin' me I'm her soulmate (Mate)
Disguised emotion, no face, bullshit with that, no thanks (Uh-huh)
Dealin' with it since '08 (No), fucked around, now I'm done
And I heard you're supposed to race when you hear the sound of that gun (Blaow)
Now it's losin' all of its fun (Fun), spendin' days in solitude
Too many dumb interviews, put me in this awful mood
Not thinkin' logical (No), gettin' high, jump off the moon (Moon)
Looked into his soul, when he died right there in the hospital
Peace don't seem possible (No), when the mind is so closed (Closed)
Came in for your money (Ha), then left with all of your hoes, ha

[Chorus]
Life move fast but my baby keep it slow
Open up your mind, start forgettin' what you know, oh
Shit ain't been the same since she left me here alone, whoa
You hurt so good, girl, your lovin' hurt so good

[Verse 2]
Uh
Love me, love me, that fentanyl, it numb me (Numb)
Beautiful, it get ugly, turn you into a junkie (What?)
Still searchin' for something (Who?), but I don't know what (What)
Dreaming about nothing, wake you up and then fuck (Fuck)
I love it when you get a little nasty (Uh-huh)
Hit it from the back, if you like that, wiggle them ass cheeks (Blaow)
Isn't that sweet? Same shit we did last week (Uh-huh)
'Fore all the cash, you might've stood up and would've walked past me (Bye)
Wake me up from this bad dream (Dream), put a match to this gasoline ('Line)
Every night you somebody different, got me thinkin' it's Halloween
Fucked up, can't feel myself, work hard, might kill myself
Exist through audio, but all my problems as real as hell
Trapped in this wishin' well, death creepin' like Splinter Cell
Gettin' high, blew my mind away, find the words, what I'm tryna say
...I'ma think of that later (Later)
When the world goes against you, you better get that paper (Paper)

[Chorus]
Life move fast but my baby keep it slow
Open up your mind, start forgettin' what you know, oh
Shit ain't been the same since she left me here alone, whoa
You hurt so good, girl, your lovin' hurt so good

[Outro]
You hurt so good
You hurt so good


S.D.S.

[Intro]
Uh
Uh, uh

[Verse 1]
Close my eyes before I cross the street
If a car about to hit me, then he ought to beep (Uh-huh)
Watchin' Dawson's Creek 'til I fall asleep
It's harder than it seems, I'm underwater in my dreams
I'm in awe, this jigsaw puzzle's not complete
I'm just an idea, nothin' con-cer-ete (Whoa)
I came to raise limits, get higher than plane engines
They tryna change wit' us, but come to the same difference (Okay)
Shut your pie-hole, I'm dope and I know
My voice sound like it was a sample off a vinyl
I don't mind those hatin' on my style
I tend to take the high road, get stoned and fly low
I'm no God
I don't think that I'm a human though, 'cause I'm so odd
People sellin' drugs 'cause they can't find no job
Wonder if Christ made a million off of sellin' the cross
Let bygones be bygones, my mind strong as pythons
The day that I die on will turn me to an icon
Search the world for Zion or a shoulder I can cry on
The best of all time, I'm Dylan, Dylan, Dylan
Dylan, (Dylan)

[Chorus]
Somebody do somethin'
(Somebody do somethin') Somebody do somethin'
(Somebody do somethin') Somebody do somethin'
(Somebody do somethin') Somebody do somethin'
Yeah, yeah, yeah, somebody move somethin'
Yeah, yeah, somebody move somethin'
Yeah, yeah, somebody move somethin'
Yeah, yeah, yeah, somebody move somethin'

[Post-Chorus]
Ah—ah, ah—ah—ah
(Whoa) Yeah
It ain't no party like aristocratic parties
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yah, yah, yah
Ah-huh, ah-huh
Said, it ain't no party like aristocratic parties
Yeah, yo

[Verse 2]
Sippin' Jameson like I was majored in whiskey flavorin'
When I'm drunk, I'll cut your head off and leave it danglin' (Whoa)
FlyLo's still tryna put me onto Ableton
Asian women love me, I look like David Duchovny
In kindergarten, used to put some condoms in my cubby
In case one of these hoes was tryna fuck me
I ain't nobody, and neither are you (Nope)
Been contemplatin' if I even still believe in the truth, I'm so stubborn
I'd rather write my own history book
Where the world don't give a fuck 'bout how you physically look
All your songs are 16's and a hook
We here to reinvent music, it's time for the revolution
I'm dyin' for the movement, tryin' not to lose it
Jewish Buddhist consumin' the views of Christianity
Wonder if Hindus like to eat fish soup
If it's true, they should hit Alaska in a igloo
I hear the fish bitin' nice right now
I can't figure out life and feel right right now
Boo, if I think it, I should say it, there's a reason that I write it down
Spit the shit that leave a diaper brown (Poo)

[Outro]
Uh, yeah (Somebody do somethin',) somebody do somethin'
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Somebody do somethin')
(Somebody do somethin') Uh, somebody do somethin'
(Somebody do somethin') Yeah, yeah, yeah, somebody do somethin'
And... somebody move somethin'
Yeah, yeah, yeah, somebody move somethin'
You right there, somebody move somethin'
Uh, uh-huh, somebody move somethin'
(Yo) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah (Yo, yo, yo)


Goosebumpz

[Verse 1]
Better act right, 'cause I smack dykes
Give 'em blow and a bit of that bagpipe
Bitch wanna live that rap life, but I already hit that last night
Think you're fuckin' with me, huh? Must be hittin' that crack-pipe
I be makin' my money, thank God I learned how to add right
My cash like that cocaine, give me more, say, give me more
Don't worry 'bout it, ain't no thing, big titty hoes in my videos
Classy bitch, don't kiss and tell
Smack her ass and then wish her well
Life sucks, better give 'em hell
Get money, fuck girls, free Biggavel
A million in my briefcase, 'bout to shop for some real estate
'Bout to party with drugs though, turn it up, bitch, feel the bass
Throwin' money in your face, feelin' good, livin' great
Bad bitches in different states, it's like I think I'm Vincent Chase
With porn stars, sports cars, and my crib got a courtyard
How we get all this money though?
You know how big his tours are?
Greedy bitch, you a needy bitch
Want some money, but need some dick

[Pre-Chorus]
And my belt monogram
When I die, bet she fuck my hologram, though
When I die, bet she fuck my hologram, though
When I die, bet she fuck my hologram
When I die, bet she fuck my hologram
My hologram

[Chorus]
We in my black Benz, windows up
Gettin' head, smokin' blunts
Everybody know what's up, and I turn them girls to sluts
Crib's like a mob boss, my bitch get my car washed
We non-stop, my dick out, her jaw drop
'Cause all we do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck
All she wanna do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck
All she, all she wanna do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck
All she wanna do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck

[Verse 2]
Don't I look like a drug dealer? Don't I look like I'm somebody?
Killin' beats with that Murder Inc, don't I look like I'm Irv Gotti?
Ridin' through in my hippy van
You broke bitches don't give a damn
You softer than the Michelin man
Your bitch put her pussy on Instagram
Better go hard when my flow starts
They brand new with they old cars
Your pockets is on low carbs, she do a show, she a pollstar
In the penthouse, with the pants down
With the camera out, no hands now
Them hard drugs, we don't ran out
Can't believe that's somebody grandchild
She's so bad but I like it, wanna hear your pussy, I'll mic it
My credit card bill is righteous but, girl, that ass is so priceless
Spend the night with the right bitch, my dick ill, my pipe sick
Small pussy, tight fit, she loves to sniff that white shit
Fuck free, no charge, I play the pussy like Mozart
Eat that pussy, I won't starve
Love the pussy with my whole heart
Bitch named Layla my Clapton ho
Give me head, put the Benz in captain mode

[Pre-Chorus]
And my belt monogram
When I die, bet she fuck my hologram though
When I die, bet she fuck my hologram though
When I die, bet she fuck my hologram

[Chorus]
We in my black Benz, windows up
Gettin' head, smokin' blunts
Everybody know what's up, and I turn them girls to sluts
Crib's like a mob boss, my bitch get my car washed
We non-stop, my dick out, her jaw drop
'Cause all we do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck
All she wanna do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck
All she, all she wanna do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck
All she wanna do is fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck-fuck, fuck


Aquarium

[Intro]
(Yeah)
Can you feel it?
Don't answer that, that was a rhetorical question
(Ahem) rhetorical (rhetorical)
(unhhh)

[Verse 1]
Forever life been never nice, we expedite the process
And every night I get advice, cause life is way too complex
Heaven's lights are hella bright, ironic how that came to be
But can't you see? This angel speaks
She's saying the place is safe for me
I told her "wait for me," the make believer normally disguise
Transform before your eyes and glorifies euphoric highs
The morning rises and I'm fast asleep
Somewhere off in the master suite
Having dreams of Latin queens and nasty freaks
My mind, it wanders to places yonder and even farther
When I'm sleep walking I'm Stephen Jobs or I'm Peter Parker
A genius author, a Jesus preaching just to feed his daughter
The weed to spark up, yeah he's a goner, fuck these prima-donnas
I'll always wonder what happened 3000 years ago
I like to toy with the idea that we really know
Is what I do important in the grand scheme of things?
In my head these dreams are dreamt, trust me we are kings

[Chorus]
I'm wearing a blindfold, like, "Where did the time go?"
I know you hear me up there, give me a sign though
I'ma follow you wherever your mind go
Baby, I'ma follow you wherever your mind go
Take me away, girl, somewhere they won’t be
Hold me closely, look at me, don't speak
Will you follow me wherever my mind go?
Said, will you follow me wherever my mind go?

[Verse 2]
I'm just trying to make it all make sense
As you hypothesize on how to monetize and take advantage of
All the time “we fall behind, get lost in this Aquarium
America, the standard of vanity when the camera's up
We become celebrities, distract from the hysteria
Confessions that I have and curiosity about life and death
Most of us will never understand it, we just like the quest
Read about the meaning of dreaming and all its messages
Sedatives that take me to God, witness his fetishes
We all in search for substance, that drugs you pain and numbness
Circumstances advance the second chances for this beloved
I wish I could tell you that I didn't see this coming
But I'm ready for it all to end, die before tomorrows trend
Your life, it all depends on dollars spent and knowledge gained
Darkness on the brain, lost inside, forgotten days
Life, it works in such mysterious ways
All these years that I pray, hope you hear what I say, ayy

[Chorus]
I'm wearing a blindfold, like, "Where did the time go?"
I know you hear me up there, give me a sign though
I'ma follow you wherever your mind go
Baby, I'ma follow you wherever your mind go
Take me away, girl, somewhere they won’t be
Hold me closely, look at me, don't speak
Will you follow me wherever my mind go?
Said, will you follow me wherever my mind go?

[Outro]
Wherever my mind goes
I'ma follow you wherever your mind goes
Wherever your mind goes
Will you follow me wherever my mind goes?
I'ma follow you wherever your mind goes
I'ma follow you wherever your mind goes
Will you follow me wherever my mind goes?
Will you follow me wherever my mind goes?
I'ma follow you wherever your mind goes
I'ma follow you wherever your mind goes
Will you follow me wherever my mind goes?
Will you follow me wherever my mind goes?
[Instrumental]


Bird Call

[Intro: Tree Jay & Mac Miller]
Quack, quack
Uh
Uh-huh
Uh

[Verse 1]
I'm
Chillin' for an hour, smokin' weed, watchin' Worldstar
Benz in the garage, pro'bly gotta drive your girl car (Ooh)
You ain't a rapper if my homies never heard y'all
I just spit a punchline, smile then they bird call (Brr)
Hit your sister in the face with a Nerf Ball (Ouch)
Dealin' with some shit that really don't concern y'all (Nah)
Punch a fan if he get a fucking word wrong
Wavy, givin' you some shit that you can surf on (cellphone)
Findin' me a bitch I can swerve on (Swerve on)
Frank Thomas, homie, 'bout to put the hurt on (Hurt on)
Your bitch a night light, in bed she turned on
Roll some weed, tell her burn one, burn one

[Hook]
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one (Burn one)
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one (Yeah)
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one

[Verse 2]
Yeah
I used to give a fuck about success
Now I just want to see Mila Kunis undress (Yep)
Hope she down for butt sex (Yep,) it would be a cum fest (Yep)
Uh, sorry, that's some shit I had to confess (Uh-huh)
Crazy-ass bitch doing 911 threats
Came in the game smoking Newport Hundreds
Now I'm at the top and the crown fit, gold on my outfit
Surrounded by this pussy I'ma drown in (Drown in)
You got that wet pack, bitch, come and gimme that (Come and gimme that)
You know we wanna know where them titties at (Where the titties at?)
Got 'em gassed, they be askin' what I'm cooking wit'
Have your little brother ask your moms what a pussy is (Uh)
Corruption, stunting at the function
Your girl pussy smell like Sour Cream & Onion (Ugh)
Pay attention, you gon' learn somethin'
Roll that weed up, burn one

[Hook]
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one (Uh)
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn one, burn one (Woo)
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one
Burn one, burn one, burn, burn, burn one (I think I fucked it up again, but whatever)


Red Dot Music(Feat.Action Bronson)

[Part I]

[Intro: Mac Miller]
Yeah
Haha

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
Uh, think I can see a fuckin' halo (Halo), about to meet my maker
Brought a double cup of Drano (Drano), some soda for the flavor
Uncontrollable behavior with some psychopathic tendencies
Lonely as your neighbor with the bitches, he got special needs (Sheesh)
Word to my denim fiends, I'm Kennedy on ecstasy
My flavor from the nature, need an acre for my recipe (Please)
They got my soul, but I don't let 'em take the rest of me
My melody, a little like Kenny G's, it's heavenly
And my denim tailored (Tailored), me and Action rappin'
Al be fuckin' with the fader (Fader), sippin' mind eraser
Actually, we rappin' for the fuck of it
Takin' money from you, gonna smack you out in public
You the Republican government
Abundance of substance, have a consumption to fuck a bitch (*Woman moans*)
With your Banana Republic fit, go suck a dick
And your bitch lookin' like Cousin Itt, the ugliest

[Chorus: Action Bronson & Mac Miller]
I said it must be the drugs that got us thinkin' crazy shit (Woo)
(I said it must be the drugs)
Groupie bitches wild enough to suck a baby's dick
(I said it must be the drugs)
Cadillacs is gettin' whipped a hundred eighty-fifth
(I said it must be the drugs)
Just for that sizzle, Gore-Tex in case of drizzle
(I said it must be the drugs)
I said it must be the drugs that got us thinkin' crazy shit
(I said it must be the drugs)
Lookin' up into the clouds where the angels sit
(I said it must be the drugs)
They lookin' down, keepin' watch 'til I'm dead
(I said it must be the drugs)
So how'd I get this red dot on my head? (My head)
(I said it must be the drugs)

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
Yo, I don't perform unless the money's in my pocket first (Never)
After rappin', take my people out for octopus (Spanish)
We all deserve it; dedication to the fam (Uh, uh)
Don't hold your hand out for nothin' if you claim to be my man, damn
You see me peelin' off a whip like when your mother strip (Strip)
Blow the dice, roll them shits, hit another trip (King Crack)
Shit, I'm on some shit
Hands are fuckin' hotter than the leather in the six in the summertime (Uh)
Understand I'm only rhymin' for this son of mine
And so my daughter can be a lawyer and reap the spoils
We ate the tuna, it's suede Puma
My look is Jay Buhner, doggy, ‘cause some of us just age sooner (I'm goin', man)
I'm still twisted, rockin' lizards from a strange river (River)
Forbidden jungle in the joint paper, point shaver
Check the bio (Bio)
I fixed the game between Kentucky and Miami of Ohio, I been wild

[Chorus: Action Bronson & Mac Miller]
I said it must be the drugs that got us thinkin' crazy shit (Woo)
(I said it must be the drugs)
Groupie bitches wild enough to suck a baby's dick
(I said it must be the drugs)
Cadillacs is gettin' whipped a hundred eighty fifth
(I said it must be the drugs)
Just for that sizzle, Gore-Tex in case of drizzle
(I said it must be the drugs)
I said it must be the drugs that got us thinkin' crazy shit
(I said it must be the drugs)
Lookin' up into the clouds where the angels sit
(I said it must be the drugs)
They lookin' down, keepin' watch 'til I'm dead
(I said it must be the drugs)
So how'd I get this red dot on my head? (My head)
(I said it must be the drugs)

[Verse 3: Mac Miller]
Uh, uh
Bitch, I'm noddin' off, I'm hot as wasabi sauce
And constantly givin' y'all a bit of this ambiance
I was a minor chasin' after vagina
None of my friends were fake, but none of my clothes designer
Went from posted on stoops (Stoops) to smokin' on roofs (Roofs)
I came from that basement, now look at this view (View)
Makin' this money (Money), blowin' it all (All)
Fuck what you did (Did), just show me results (Results)

[Verse 4: Action Bronson]
Yo, I'm a 635 dipper, fly motherfucker
Leather to the foot, horses, I led 'em to the brook
If you locked, then keep the chisel in the book
I see a lion in the mirror when I look
Look, I lose money, but I make it back
I keep it true and ain't no motherfuckin' fakin' that
I get a fade and then I fade to black
Bet on the Razorbacks, I hold the multi-colored flavored gat
Blat!

[Outro: Mac Miller]
I said it must be the drugs
I said it must be the drugs
I said it must be the drugs
I said it must be the drugs
I said it must be the drugs
I said it must be the drugs
I said it must be the drugs
I said it must be the drugs

[Part II]

[Verse: Loaded Lux]
You was Easy Mac with the cheesy raps
Who the fuck is Mac Miller?
This name says "Crack dealin' trap nigga slash cap peeler
Back with a black stripper
Ass thicker than a snack wrap snicker, too fat to snap zippers"
In half is what I'll do to Mac Miller
Now my mind's first track figured
A nigga who treats his yak richer than elixir, taps liquor
Then pass 'til it goes around the room, like his casket finna
Oh, you Mac Miller?
The fact's filtered in the snapped picture
My man Jack ripped over Google like Jack the Ripper
You-hoo! I'm finna murder this brunette bitch
Get pumped like a flat fixed to become a flat fixture
A rap figure that look like you hacked Twitter
I'll show you "beastie," boy
You can't match a killer with that, wigger
I'd rather attack Tigger or Jack Thriller
He got track fillers for a album
If he had Jigga on an ad-sticker
Wouldn't go cat litter where I'm from, Malcolm
I knock the thoughts off your balcony, King
You're from a home of funny bones
Not like quite the one I've known
You look like, before you punched in flows
You were struckin' blows, bloody nose for your honey roll
In the lunchroom gettin' yo money stole
You a bully's best day ever, with them Nike's on your feet
Comin' through Blue Slide Park
I'm gon' rob this chump
On a party on Fifth Ave like he Donald Trump
Nigga, give me that shit!
I liked you better when you was Easy Mac with the cheesy raps
Who the fuck is Mac Miller?


Youforia

[Verse 1]
I been waiting so long (Been waiting)
To have you by my side (Tell you, "I love you")
I, I can't do no wrong (No, you are an angel)
With you by my side, you are my...

[Chorus]
Euphoria (Euphoria)
Euphoria (Euphoria)

[Post-Chorus 1]
And when you look in my eyes
The pain goes a-way
Euphoria (Euphoria)

[Verse 2]
You feel so damn good (I want you to know that)
Just come take my hand (Closer) (So hear me out)
And we could go to the moon
Look in my eyes as we land (Here now)

[Chorus]
Euphoria (Euphoria)
Euphoria (Euphoria)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Post-Chorus 2]
And when you lay in my arms
The pain goes a-way

[Chorus]
Euphoria (Euphoria), euphoria
Euphoria (Euphoria)
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
Euphoria (Euphoria), euphoria
Euphoria
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh

[Post-Chorus 3]
Euphoria, euphoria
And when you're mine, I won't let you go
The pain, it can't stay
Euphoria

[Outro]
Euphoria (Euphoria)


I Am Who Am(Killin’ Time)(Feat.Niki Randa)

suggestions

070  Shake, Glitter
070  Shake, Modus Vivendi
100 gecs, 1000 gecs
21 Savage, Issa Album
21  Savage, Offset & Metro Boomin, Without Warning
21  Savage, i am > i was
​2Pac, All Eyez On Me
50  Cent, Get Rich Or Die Tryin'
6ix9ine, Day69
6ix9ine, DUMMY BOY
704chop, Loyalty Means Everything
88rising,  Head In The Clouds

A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, Hoodie SZN
Allyawan, Lugnet tar över II
Ameer Vann, EMMANUEL
Anderson .Paak, Oxnard
Anderson .Paak, Ventura
Angèle, Brol
Ant Wan, GHETTOSTAR
Ant Wan, Kapitel 21
Ant Wan, 724
Ant Wan, 724 (Deluxe)
Arctic Monkeys, Favourite Worst Nightmare
Arctic Monkeys, AM
Ariana Grande, thank u, next
Aries, WELCOME HOME
Avicii, Stories

Baby Keem, The Sound of Bad Habit
Baby Keem, DIE FOR MY BITCH
Bakar, Badkid
Bakar, Will You Be My Yellow?
Beach Fossils, Somersault
Beach House, Beach House
Beach House, Devotion
Beach House, Teen Dream
Beach House, Bloom
Beach House, Depression Cherry
Beach House, Thank Your Lucky Stars
Beach House, B-Sides and Rarities
Beach House, 7
Ben Chandler, Ben Chandler
Ben Chandler, Sweet Dreams, Sweet Heart
BENNETT, OCH DU HETER?
Billie Eilish, WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO?
blackbear, digital druglord
blackbear, cybersex
blackbear, ANONYMOUS
Bladee, EXETER
Bladee, 333
Blueface, Famous Cryp
Boogie, Everything's For Sale
Brennan Savage, Badlands
BROCKHAMPTON, SATURATION
BROCKHAMPTON, SATURATION II
BROCKHAMPTON, SATURATION III
BROCKHAMPTON, iridescence
BROCKHAMPTON, GINGER

Cage the Elephant, Cage the Elephant
Cage the Elephant, Thank You Happy Birthday
Cage the Elephant, Melophobia
Cage the Elephant, Tell Me I'm Pretty
Cage the Elephant, Social Cues
Cherrie, Sherihan
Cigarettes After Sex, EP I.
Cigarettes After Sex, Cigarettes After Sex
Cigarettes After Sex, Cry
City Morgue, Be Patient
City Morgue, VOL. 1: HELL OR HIGH WATER
City Morgue, VOL. 2: AS GOOD AS DEAD
City Morgue, TOXIC BOOGALOO
Clever, Who is Clever?
Clipse, Lord Willin'
Cocteau Twins, Heaven or Las Vegas
Comethazine, Bawskee
Comethazine, Bawskee 2
Comethazine, BAWSKEE 3.5

D Smoke, Black Habits
DaBaby, Baby on Baby
Daft Punk, Random Access Memories
Danny Towers, Tarantula
Darin, Tvillingen
Denzel Curry, Nostalgic 64
Denzel Curry, 32 Zel
Denzel Curry, Imperial
Denzel Curry, 13
Denzel Curry, TA13OO
Denzel Curry, ZUU
Dominic Fike, DISHWASHER
Dominic Fike, Don't Forget About Me, Demos
Dominic Fike, What Could Possibly Go Wrong
Drake, Scorpion
Dree Low, No hasta mañana 2
Dree Low, FLAWLESS 2
Drop Nineteens, Delaware

Ed Sheeran, No.6 Collaborations Project
Edxv, 14/XX
Edxv, Lost Projects
Einár, Första Klass
Einár, NUMMER 1
Eminem, Slim Shady LP
Eminem, The Eminem Show
Eminem, Curtain Call: The Hits
Eminem, Revival
Eminem, Kamikaze
Eminem, Music To Be Murdered By

Frank Ocean, Blonde
Freddie Dredd, Suffer

Goa, Inmortal
Goa & Fish Narc, Segador de Almas
Germ, GERM HAS A DEATHWISH
Germ, The Hijinx Tape
Ghostemane, Hexada
Ghostemane, N/O/I/S/E
Ghostie, SUN (Short-Uncanny-Noise)
Ghostie, Really Ghostie? Yes.
Ghostie, Poltergeist Slim
Ghostie, Self Hate Wraith
Ghostie, Self Hate Wraith DELUXE
Gorillaz, Demon Days
Gorillaz, Plastic Beach
Greekazo, GÖR NU, TÄNK SEN
Gyllene Tider, Samma skrot och korn

Hether, Hether Who?
Hov1, Hov1
Håkan Hellström, Det kommer aldrig va över för mig

IC3PEAK, Сказка
IC3PEAK, До Свидания
Icona Pop, Icona Pop
Icona Pop, This Is... Icona Pop
IDK, IWASVERYBAD
IDK, IDK & FRIENDS
IDK, Is He Real?
IDK, IDK & FRIENDS 2 (Basketball County Soundtrack)

J. Cole, 2014 Forest Hills Drive
Jack Harlow, Confetti
JACKBOYS, JACKBOYS
Jasiah, Jasiah I Am
JID, The Never Story
JID, DiCaprio 2
Jireel, Sex Känslor
Joey Bada$$, 1999
Joey Bada$$, All-Amerikkkan Bada$$
Joji, In Tongues
Joji, BALLADS 1
Juice WRLD, Goodbye & Good Riddance
Juice WRLD, Death Race For Love
Julian Casablancas, Phrazes For The Young

Kanye West, Late Registration
Kanye West, 808s & Heartbreak
Kanye West, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
Kanye West, Yeezus
Kanye West, The Life of Pablo
Kanye West, ye
Kanye West, JESUS IS KING
Keith Ape, Born Again
Kendrick Lamar, To Pimp a Butterfly
Kendrick Lamar, DAMN.
Kendrick Lamar, Black Panther the Album Music From and Inspired By
kent, Vapen & Ammunition
kent, Jag är inte rädd för mörkret
Kevin Abstract, ARIZONA BABY
Kids See Ghosts, Kids See Ghosts
Killstation, The Two of Us Are Dying
KILLY, Surrender Your Soul
KILLY, Light Path 8
Kleerup, Det var den sommaren
Kodie Shane, Back From the Future
Kodie Shane, Big Trouble Little Jupiter
Kodie Shane, Young HeartThrob
Kodie Shane, BLOOMING VOL. 1
Korn, Korn
Korn, Follow the Leader
Korn, Issues
Korn, See You On the Other Side
Korn, The Serenity of Suffering
Korn, The Nothing

Lil Nas X, 7
Lil Peep, Come Over When You're Sober Pt. I
Lil Peep, Come Over When You're Sober Pt. II
Lil Peep, EVERYBODY'S EVERYTHING
Lil Skies, Life of a Dark Rose
Lil Skies, Shelby
Lil Tracy, Anarchy
Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Uzi Vert vs. The World
Lil Uzi Vert, Luv Is Rage 2
Lil Uzi Vert, Eternal Atake
Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Uzi Vert vs. The World 2
Lil Wayne, Tha Carter V
Lil Wayne, Funeral
Little Jinder, Allting suger
Little Jinder, Mixtape
Logic, Young Sinatra I
Logic, Under Pressure
Logic, The Incredible True Story
Logic, Bobby Tarantino
Logic, Everybody
Logic, Bobby Tarantino II
Logic, Young Sinatra IV
Logic, Supermarket
Logic, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
Logic, No Pressure
Lorentz, Lycka Till

Mac Miller, GO:OD AM
Mac Miller, The Divine Feminine
Mac Miller, Swimming
Mac Miller, Circles
Mando Diao, Infruset
mansionz, mansionz
Mazzy Star, So Tonight That I Might See
Meg & Dia, Happysad
Metro Boomin, NOT ALL HEROES WEAR CAPES
Michael Jackson, Thriller
Miriam Bryant, Raised in Rain
Miriam Bryant, Push Play
Miriam Bryant, I Am Dragon
Miriam Bryant, Hisingen och Hem Igen
Miriam Bryant, Bye Bye Blue

Nascar Aloe, SH!THEAD
Nell, Wayne's World
Nick Mono, Censor
Nilüfer Yanya, Miss Universe
Nirvana, Nevermind
Nujabes, Methaphorical Music
Nujabes, Modal Soul
Nujabes, Spiritual State

Oliver Tree, Alien Boy
Oliver Tree, Do You Feel Me?
Oliver Tree, Ugly is Beautiful

Paris Shadows, ONE NIGHT IN PARIS
Per Gessle, En vacker natt
Playboi Carti, Playboi Carti
Playboi Carti, Die Lit
PlayThatBoiZay, Nocturnal
Pop Smoke, Shoot For The Stars Aim For The Moon
Post Malone, Stoney
Post Malone, Beerbongs & Bentleys
Post Malone, Hollywood's Bleeding
Pouya, Baby Bone
Pouya, Stunna
Pouya, South Side Slugs
Pouya & $uicideBoy$, $outh $ide $uicide
Pouya, Underground Underdog
Pouya & Fat Nick, Drop Out of School
Pouya, FIVE FIVE
Pouya & Boobie Lootaveli, Greatest Hits, Vol. 3
Pouya, The South Got Something to Say
Pouya & Boobie Lootaveli, Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
Powers Pleasant, Life Is Beautiful
Pusha T, My Name Is My Name
Pusha T, DAYTONA

Ramirez, Trillity
Ramirez, Pharaohs
Ramirez, Lust & Sensations
Ramirez, Levi X Genshin
Ramirez, Blood Diamonds
Ramirez, Meet Me Where the River Turns Grey
Ramirez, World War
Ramirez, The Grey Gorilla
Ramirez, Blood Diamonds 2
Ramirez, Son of Serpentine
Ramirez, THA PLAYA$ MANUAL
Rejjie Snow, Rejovich
Rex Orange County, Bcos U Will Never B Free
Rex Orange County, Apricot Princess
Rex Orange County, Pony
Rich Brian, Amen
Rich Brian, The Sailor
Rich Brian, 1999
Rihanna, ANTi
Rina Sawayama, SAWAYAMA
Rocci, The Originals
Russ, ZOO

Saba, Bucket List Project
Saba, CARE FOR ME
SAINt JHN, Ghetto Lenny's Love Songs
Scarlxrd, INFINITY
Selena Gomez, Revival
Seno, Stories from the Back
Serj Tankian, Elect the Dead
Serj Tankian, Harakiri
Serj Tankian, Elect the Dead Symphony
Shakewell, Key Stone Prince
Shakewell, Big Juice tha Sip
Shark, Deadbeat
Shark, Square One
Silvana Imam, Helig Moder
Sindy, Hits for Kids
Ski Mask the Slump God, YouWillRegret
Ski Mask the Slump God, BEWARE THE BOOK OF ELI
Ski Mask the Slump God, STOKELEY
Slipknot, Iowa
Slipknot, Vol. 3: The Subliminal Verses
Slipknot, We Are Not Your Kind
Slaede, Desolate Society, Death to Harmony, Pt. 1
Slaede, Off With His Head (Interlude)
Slaede, Desolate Society, Death to Harmony, Pt. 2
Slowdive, Souvlaki
Slowdive, Slowdive
Snoh Aalegra, FEELS
$NOT, - TRAGEDY +
Snövit, V
Solange, When I Get Home
$uicideBoy$ & Ramirez, G.R.E.Y.G.O.D.S.
$uicideBoy$ & Ramirez, G.R.E.Y.G.O.D.S.I.I
$uicideBoy$, Eternal Grey
$uicideBoy$, I Want To Die In New Orleans
$uicideBoy$ & Travis Barker, LIVE FAST DIE WHENEVER
$uicideBoy$, STOP STARING AT THE SHADOWS
Sum 41, All Killer, No Filler
Sybyr, ANTI-WORLD
Sybyr, HELLHORSE
System of a Down, System of a Down
System of a Down, Toxicity
System of a Down, Steal this Album!
System of a Down, Mezmerize
System of a Down, Hypnotize

Tame Impala, The Slow Rush
Taylor Swift, folklore
The Beatles, Abbey Road
The Killers, Hot Fuss
The Radio Dept., Clinging to a Scheme
The Radio Dept., Running out of Love
The Radio Dept., I Don't Need Love, I've Got My Band
The Strokes, Is This It
The Strokes, Room on Fire
The Strokes, First Impressions of Earth
The Strokes, Angles
The Strokes, Comedown Machine
The Strokes, The New Abnormal
The Weeknd, House of Balloons
The Weeknd, Thursday
The Weeknd, Echoes of Silence
The Weeknd, Kiss Land
The Weeknd, Beauty Behind the Madness
The Weeknd, Starboy
The Weeknd, My Dear Melancholy,
The Weeknd, After Hours
Travis Scott, Days Before Rodeo
Travis Scott, Rodeo
Travis Scott, Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight
Travis Scott, ASTROWORLD
Trippie Redd, LIFE'S A TRIP
Trippie Redd, A Love Letter to You 3
Trippie Redd, Exclamation Mark
Trippie Redd, A Love Letter to You 4
Tyler, The Creator, Flower Boy
Tyler, The Creator, IGOR

Ulrik Munther, Allt jag ville säga

Vince Staples, FM

Westside Gunn, Pray for Paris
wifisfuneral, Ethernet
wifisfuneral, Ethernet 2
wifisfuneral, EV3RYTHING SUCKS
wifisfuneral, PAIN?
Wiz Khalifa, The Saga of Wiz Khalifa

Xavier Wulf, East Memphis Maniac
XOV, Wild
XXXTENTACION, Revenge
XXXTENTACION, 17
XXXTENTACION, A GHETTO CHRISTMAS CAROL!
XXXTENTACION, Question Mark
XXXTENTACION, SKINS

Yasin, Handen Under Mona Lisas Kjol (PT:1)
Yasin, 98.01.11
YBN Cordae, The Lost Boy
Yemi, Rave
Young M.A, Herstory in the Making
Young M.A, Red Flu
Young Orange, Don't Waste Time
Young Thug, So Much Fun
Yung Bans, Yung Bans Vol. 5
Yung Beef & Goa, Traumatismo Kraneoencefalico
Yung Gravy, Snow Cougar
Yung Gravy, Sensational
Yung Lean, Starz

Z.E, Min penna blöder
Z.E, Sverige Vet
Z.E, MER ÄN RAP
Z.E, 10 STEG FÖRE


Watching Movies

[Intro]
Yo, all your bitches got the green boat
Yeah

[Verse 1]
People worship these idols 'til they come in contact with Gods
Hoes is all my disciples, you get mind fucked with these broads (Goddamn)
Life is just a recital, better 'member all that you practiced (Whoa)
When I die, throw a couple bad bitches in my casket, whoa
Think it's time for a revolution, me and my dogs 'bout to start a riot
Still they sleeping but I'm eating, you and your people are on a diet
Tim Allen off Home Improvement, 'telligent but we going stupid
This the new shit, hit the strip club, see some hoes that I went to school with
Out in London like Lennox Lewis (Whoa,) bitch looking like Farrah Fawcett (Whoa)
I'm just tryna make better music, get this money, share the profits (Let's go)
Now this class gettin' led by students, smoke some weed, get head while I do it
Started out under the ground, they didn't fuck with me, now they all coming around
Money, I'm hunting it down, planting the seeds, working and watching it grow
I got so many ways I can make money, I'll always be straight, I just thought you should know

[Refrain]
Been on my grind, taking what's mine, I got my eyes on the throne
I'ma be fine, no matter the time, we all go along with the show, yo

[Chorus]
That girl beautiful, somebody introduce me
She ain't your girl tonight, nah, that bitch a groupie
There's some money in the building, better give it to me (Let's go, let's go)
I see you starin' at me like you in the movies
(Whoa, whoa) Yeah, now you watching movies
L—l—lookin' at my life, it's like you watchin' movies
Lookin' at my life, it's like you watchin' movies
L—l—lookin' at my life, it's like you watchin' movies

[Verse 2]
People worship these idols 'til they come in contact with Gods
Hoes is all my disciples, you get mind fucked with these broads (Goddamn)
Life is just a recital, better 'member all that you practiced (Whoa)
When I die, throw a couple bad bitches in my casket, whoa
Fuck a day job, fuck a day job, got ya bitch here in just a tank top
Getting paid, roll my face off, bitch you're bank fraud: Bernie Madoff
Educate y'all then erase y'all, LL Cool J without the Kangol
I don't see the need to stunt, wish you the best, I'ma just light up this blunt
This bitch love me long time, don't know why she wouldn't
Say my D could win the Heisman, yeah, I'm Charles Woodson
Couple million off a tour, thats a lot of bookings (Money)
My bitches gorgeous looking, imported from the shore to Brooklyn
Coming from out of the 'Burgh, bitch, I'm absurd, fuck you, I hope you insured
Hating? I'll give you just what you deserve, that's my word, put it on all that I'm worth

[Refrain]
Been on my grind, taking what's mine, I got my eyes on the throne
I'ma be fine, no matter the time, we all go along with the show, yo

[Chorus]
That girl beautiful, somebody introduce me (Whoop)
She ain't your girl tonight, nah, that bitch a groupie (Woo)
There's some money in the building, better give it to me
I see you starin' at me like you in the movies
(Whoa, whoa) Yeah, now you watching movies
L—l—lookin' at my life, it's like you watchin' movies
Lookin' at my life, it's like you watchin' movies
L—l—lookin' at my life, it's like you watchin' movies


Matches(Feat.Ab - Soul)

[Intro: Ab-Soul]
Soul!

[Verse 1: Ab-Soul]
Ever since a nigga had recess
Mothafucka felt like a grownup (Soulo)
Momma come and bitch about a curfew
I was still playing 'round the corner
7 years old saw my first porno, damn, that fucked me up
At 10, I bust my first nut on this older ho gut, but so what
Let's recap, the earth spinning too rapid
I'm living too fast, sinning's a habit
I can't hack, fornicate, act this rabid
One bean short of an acid tablet
Security guards spark my cigarettes
The old head go 'head and cop me a brew
Sometimes them Koreans be cool
These shades make me look 22
They say you learn when you get older
I just say that that ain't true
That just means when you was younger
You ain't get turnt up like us, fool
Just got Ls so I'm riding high, still in high school but I do
Everything I will do, when I'm 25, no lie

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
I was young with ambition, fucked around with these hoes (Hoes)
Never needed permission, went and lived the life that I chose (Chose)
Premonition-type visions, you see the world as it goes (Goes)
Tell 'em all what they missing, while I watch it as it unfolds
I'm dodging my death, confident kid
I was tryna grow up with the best (Oh, oh)
Watching my step, never no college plan
Found myself nodding off always on test-day
I coulda been a great graduate
Woulda got one of them hoes from "The Bachelor"
Could've been smart, could've been a doctor
Life full of drama, little soap opera
Falling in love, lucky that I caught ya
Almost got her knocked up, would've been a father
All about energy, make good memories
I'm the fucking Dalai Lama (Ooh!)
Only 18 but I had my own business
Then I got fame like "what the fuck is this?"
Whole bunch of cameras, fake ass bitches (Yeah, yeah)
Everyone around wanna treat me all different
Oh I'm cool, cause I got money? (All this money)
Back in high school none of these hoes was tryna fuck me (Fuck me)
I thought it was a conspiracy
Sometimes my thoughts start scaring me
You a parody, hilarity, that funny shit's for the parakeets

[Hook: Mac Miller]
They, they, they been looking for somebody like me
Big bag of weed and a muddy iced tea
Something brand new, wonder what it might be
Coughing off them drugs, moving at a nice speed
If you 18 years and older
18 years and older
If you 18 years and older
18 years and older

[Outro: Ab-Soul]
I wanna rule the world, take care of my family
And take care of my girl, plant a couple seeds
Blaze a gang of trees
Went to see a rated R movie about me
They said you must be
18 years and older
18 years and older
18 years and older
18 years and older
18 years and older


Objects In the Mirror

[Intro]
Can you turn the beat up?
A little louder
There you go

[Verse 1]
People love you when they on your mind
A thought is love's currency
And I been thinkin' 'bout her all the time
I never seen somebody put together perfectly
What would I have to do to call you mine?
Someone like you is so hard to find
You can open up your eyes, or you can walk in blind
All I ask is that you hurry, I won't hurt you, don't you worry
Listen to me, I'ma set you free
He ain't gonna break your heart again
Go through the worst to reach the ecstasy
When your imagination's on pretend
I never thought that it would feel this way
You never taught me how to heal the pain
I wish you caught me on a different day
When it was easier to be happy

[Chorus]
Just a little taste and you know she got you
Can you hide away? Can you hide away?
Sound of silence as they all just watch you
I kinda find it strange how the times have changed
I wish we could go and be
Free once, baby, you and me
We could change the world forever
And never come back again
Let's leave it all in the rear-view
Let's leave it all in the rear-view, girl
You don't have to cry
You don't have to cry

[Verse 2]
Mend a broken heart, girl, if you can
I don't expect you to be capable
You got the world right in your hands
That responsibility is unescapable
I promise that I'll be a different man
Please give me the chance to go and live again
I'm havin' some trouble, can you give a hand?
It seems perfection really is so unattainable
Don't even say you 'bout to end it all
Your life precious, ain't no need to go and kill yourself
I'm not so sure that there's an end at all
I wish the truth would just reveal itself
Who do you call to make it to the top?
And who do you call to make the shootin' stop?
And who do you call to give the coupe a wash?
After everything I did I think I'm still myself

[Chorus]
Just a little taste and you know she got you
Can you hide away? Can you hide away?
Sound of silence as they all just watch you
I kinda find it strange how the times have changed
I wish we could go and be
Free once, baby, you and me
We could change the world forever
And never come back again
Let's leave it all in the rear-view
Let's leave it all in the rear-view, girl
You don't have to cry
You don't have to cry


Claymation

[Chorus: Mac Miller]
Uh, bitches stay hatin', this is Claymation
Fucked up, get away, that's a vacation
Wanna get paid, who doesn't though?
I'ma be a ghost, take a Polaroid
Bitches stay hatin', this is Claymation
Fucked up, get away, that's a vacation
Wanna get paid, who doesn't though?
I'ma be a ghost, take a Polaroid
Picture

[Verse 1: Vinny Radio]
Fresh off a steroid swisher
Pistol at the peephole, that's a paranoid nigga
One of a kind though, ain't nobody close to me
Your ass is straight over D, I'll bag it like groceries
It's whatever though, whatever cross my mind
Haters got no watch, I ain't got the time
Vinny got more flow than a box of wine
Rare as a copper dime, I got an awkward mind
But it's beautiful, like Russel Crowe
Fire at the fingertips, can't extinguish it
Shorty gave me tight head without shrinking it
Coolest kid out, on my Chuck Inglish shit
Mac and Vinny always get the people loose
Fall back, strike back, just like evil do
The birds prey on us like eagles do
It's like claymation the way they bend and move

[Chorus: Mac Miller]
Uh, bitches stay hatin', this is Claymation
Fucked up, get away, that's a vacation
Wanna get paid, who doesn't though?
I'ma be a ghost, take a Polaroid
Bitches stay hatin', this is Claymation
Fucked up, get away, that's a vacation
Wanna get paid, who doesn't though? (Yeah)
I'ma be a ghost, take a Polaroid (Yeah)
Picture

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
Monster and Michael Keaton, and I'm offing you while you sleep
And you talking but it's so cheap, and I'm popular for a reason
I got a pool but it's sharks swimming in the deep end
Don't get much sleep, two minutes and get a dream in
Is all you need, it's crazy
The colony was lost at sea getting wavy
The rawest rapper, baby forehead autographer
On top of Saturn, I'm sending shots from a rocket blaster
Believe me this is where geniuses live
It's Most Dope, we holier than all of Jesus' kids
But we speaking to heathens and all of these Even Stevens
Who don't need a reason, just want a bitch they can feed with semen
No need for sleeping, Cheeba gon' keep me dreaming, I'm faded
Been in Cali a lil' too long, it got me jaded
Hit Japan and I'm Instagrammin' camera shy Samurais
Fucking up a Jerm beat, teach you how to vandalize
The bandana Santana tied
The sound amplified screams on Kennywood's Steel Phantom ride
My pockets fat, I'm still looking for some pants my size
They over-analyze everything I fantasize
We could have a conversation, we could pantomime
Girl you could come a little closer, put your hand in mine
This life a prison, it's time to set you free
Watching movies in silence describing what I see

[Chorus: Mac Miller]
Uh, bitches stay hatin', this is Claymation
Fucked up, get away, that's a vacation
Wanna get paid, who doesn't though?
I'ma be a ghost, take a Polaroid
Bitches stay hatin', this is Claymation
Fucked up, get away, that's a vacation
Wanna get paid, who doesn't though? (Yeah)
I'ma be a ghost, take a Polaroid (Yeah)
Picture


The Star Room

[Intro: Delusional Thomas]
Hallelujah, thank God I have a future
Prayin' I don't waste it gettin' faded
'Cause I'm smokin' *censored* until I'm coughin' up tar
Feel the surge, energy curve like a lumbar
I don't act hard, I still read Babar
Trippin' out, lookin' at a bunch of Google map stars
Shit, they got a app for... that

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
But me, I'm still trapped inside my head
It kinda feel like it's a purgatory
So polite and white, but I got family who would murder for me
Think I'm livin' paradise, so what I have to worry 'bout?
Dealin' with these demons, feel the pressure
Find the perfect style (Perfect style)
Makin' sure my mom and dad are still somewhat in love
All these backfires of my experiments with drugs
And I experience a touch of my epiphany in color form
Difference between love and war inform me, I'm above the norm (Above the norm)
Give me anybody though, I'll gladly chew his face off, them bath salts
Rhymin' like it's summertime on asphalt, hot
Haven't picked a major label, think I'm blackballed
I still don't got the heart to pick my phone up when my dad calls
Will he recognize his son when he hears my voice?
I put this music against my life, I think I fear the choice
And I don't know what I'm runnin' from, but I'm runnin' still
I conversate with acquaintances, but it's nothin' real
I'm from a city that you hear and think a bunch of steel
So a hundred mills wouldn't make me sign a fuckin' deal (Fuckin' deal)
Money kills, that's the truth, it's called the root of evil
But I want that Rolls-Royce that the homie Lennon drove
So, if you don't talk about some money, I'ma send you home
Unconventional, special but unprofessional
Adolescent expression that's lettin' me meet these centerfolds
As troubles fill my mind capacity, I let 'em go (Let 'em go)
If I was Johnny Depp in Blow, I would let it snow (Would let it slow)
That's just me all wildin' out and bein' extra though (Extra though)
Yeah

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
And if God was a human, it'd be yours truly
Watchin' horror movies with some foreign groupies
Thinkin' this decor suits me (This decor suits me)
I do drugs, get more loopy
I'm in tune to ancient jujitsu spirituals, it's blissful (It's blissful)
Lookin' out as far as eyes can see
I'm glad that me and this elevation could finally meet (Could finally meet)
I think I'm JFK's final speech, they try assassinatin' all of my beliefs
(But I'm asleep) So whisper to me for the peace of mind
And he be high, some weed to grind on top a Jesus shrine (Shrine)
Twenty thousand on my watch 'cause I needed time
If y'all would leave me the fuck alone, that'd be divine (Be divine)
Yeah, can't decide if you like all the fame
Three years ago to now, it's just not the same (Not the same)
I'm lookin' out my window, ashin' on the pane (Ashin' on the pane)
Shit, wonder if I lost my way (Lost my way)

[Verse 3: Delusional Thomas]
Yeah, don't you ever wanna hide away? (Hide away)
Poseidon triumph in the eyes of rain
Won't give a fuck about tomorrow if I die today (Die today)
I'll greet the devil with a smilin' face (Smilin' face)
Shit, that God fellow may reside in space
As, times are wastin', I'm freebasin' with Freemasons
My girl's switchin' the locks, the keys keep changin' (Keep changin')
Dreamin' of places, my own personal creations
If there's a party in Heaven I plan to leave wasted (Leave wasted)
Retracin' my steps way back to Biblical times
We-we all gon' end up meetin' at the finishin' line

[Outro: Mac Miller]
And these words that I command you today shall be in your heart
And you shall teach them diligently to your children
And you shall speak of them when you sit at home
And when you walk along the way, and when you lie down
And when you rise up, I am the lord, your god